dict_keys(['Says Facebook shut down a Chick-Fil-A Appreciation Day.', 'We haven’t given up anything other than … I agreed to meet.', 'BREAKING: 2 Democrat Congressmen On ISIS Payroll Arrested For Treason.', 'The Dallas Cowboys can’t put a sticker on their helmets for the 5 police officers who were killed.', 'Tom Suozzi raised taxes by hundreds of millions of dollars" as Nassau County executive."', 'Corporate entities are paying a lot less taxes this year then they have in the past. Part of that is from a loophole in a bill that was passed in 2015.', 'Violent crime is now going down for the first time in a long while.', 'Some of the safest communities in the United States are along the border.', 'For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period you have nothing to worry about - No action!', "Kate Steinle's shooter came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border", 'The financial regulatory bill [Dodd-Frank] will kill jobs.', 'Says he and Bernie Sanders have very similar" views on trade"', 'Says Beto O’Rourke irresponsibly voted against" Hurricane Harvey "tax relief.', 'We balanced the budget with the 1997 Balanced Budget Act and ultimately had four consecutive balanced budgets.', 'Trump just gave every working legal man woman and child in the USA $612 each!', 'Says 5 out of 10" GOP candidates don’t live in North Carolina’s 9th Congressional District."', 'Woman says she was offered big money by Washington Post to accuse Roy Moore of misconduct.', '83 percent of that tax cut goes to the top 1 percent the richest people in this country.', 'I think you probably saw the CBO report about the cost of the shutdown. $11 billion is their estimate.', 'Congress quietly repealed the McCarran Warner Act of 1952 forbidding Muslims from holding office.', 'Says President Donald Trump’s proposal to allow Americans to buy health insurance across state lines would make it the same as the way you buy car insurance" today."', 'For the last 10 years our economy has grown at less than 2 percent on average every single year for 10 years. We have not had a decade like that in a century in America.', 'Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems and played up by the media in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!', "Claims that former Democratic Rep. Beto O'Rourke referred to seniors and wounded veterans as garbage.", 'Women in our state will continue to have cost-free access to reproductive health care', '“No, you\'re wrong that stop and frisk was ruled unconstitutional in New York."', 'We\'ll have almost 30 sites off the [Superfund priorities] list this year " which has "almost never been done.', 'Says Dean Heller helped craft a partisan repeal bill that also would have slashed coverage protections for people with pre-existing conditions.', 'When @ScottWalker told firefighters we didn’t need to worry about Act 10 we said hell no we stand with working Wisconsinites everywhere.', 'Political activists are being paid" to protest members of Congress."', 'Say Gretchen Carlson said, The 2nd Amendment Was Written Before Guns Were Invented.', '“Then he’s groveling again. You know I always talk about the reporters that grovel when they want to write something that you want to hear but not necessarily millions of people want to hear or have to hear."', 'Probably one out of every two households in Oklahoma has a gun."', 'Black Lives Matter who are attacking law enforcement officers" -- Barack Obama "had them to the White House.', '“Under their leadership we’ve created 15 million new private-sector jobs."', 'We have the lowest percentage of Americans actually holding a job in 40 years.', 'Says John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!', 'We are seeing kids who are healthier.', "Says Tony Evers wants to cut Wisconsin's prison population in half a dangerous plan that today would mean releasing thousands of violent criminals back into our communities.", 'Black women make only around 63 cents while Native American women earn 58 cents and Hispanic women make just 54 cents in comparison to every dollar a man makes.', '“During the course of 2008, over 120 superdelegates switched their quote-unquote allegiance in that process."', 'In the state legislature I supported Second Amendment rights.', 'Says Donald Trump once suggested that he “would try to negotiate down the national debt."', 'Says Evan Jenkins has the same positions on the issues as Joe Manchin: supporting Hillary (Clinton) supporting cap-and-trade supporting Planned Parenthood many tax increases.', 'Chicago city officials have adopted an official policy of protecting criminal aliens who prey on their own residents.', 'Amazon pays little or no taxes to state & local governments use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.) and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!', 'Donald Trump said rescuing the auto industry didn’t really matter very much. He said and I quote again ‘Let it go.’', 'Child care costs in some states now exceed the average price tag for college tuition.', 'The border is down 78 percent. Under past administrations the border didn’t go down -- it went up.', 'New York has the biggest outmigration of citizens of any state.', 'Says the United States is in the worst recovery from an economic recession since World War II.', 'Western New Yorkers pay some of the highest property taxes in the state.', 'There is nothing that we have done on Amazon that we have not done with hundreds of other projects.', 'We have become an energy exporter for the first time ever just recently.', "Marco Rubio made it clear: Not only does he think Donald Trump is a con man he went on to say he doesn't trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes.", 'Black Panthers Just Took Over City (Atlanta) – All Out War On Election Day', 'We’ve lost over a fairly short period of time 60 000 factories in our country — closed shuttered gone. Six million jobs at least gone.', 'Says Neil Gorsuch comes down on the side of felons over gun safety.', 'Tuberculosis recently passed HIV/AIDS as the leading infectious killer globally.', 'Says Marco Rubio wanted to cut Social Security and Medicare because he said they’re bankrupting our country.', "Joe Manchin has a ‘D' rating from the NRA.", 'Says Russ Feingold broke his 1992 promise to always get the majority of funding from Wisconsin residents.', 'Says Al Jazeera, a mouthpiece for terrorists has been paying Jon Ossoff thousands of dollars. ... What is he hiding?', "Donald Trump's inauguration will be the first one that I miss since I’ve been in the Congress.", 'Georgia Becomes First State To Ban Muslim Culture In Historic Move To Restore Western Values.', '“Right now, we are one of the highest-taxed nations in the world. Really, on a large-scale basis, we are the highest-taxed nation in the world."', 'Since we passed tax cuts over 3 million workers have gotten tax cut bonuses — many of them thousands and thousands of dollars.', 'We’ve got dozens of counties around America that have zero insurers left.', "Obama's Private 'Security' Company Sets Up Massive Camps Outside 3 Major Cities", 'China will enter the TPP through the back door at a later date. They are watching they are studying. ... If it is good they will be there.', 'In the Paula Jones case, Bill Clinton paid an $850 000 penalty.', 'California wildfires are being magnified & made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean.', 'The 5-4 decisions the Supreme Court reaches are going up.', 'Navy destroyer strikes a building in downtown Houston.', 'The Russians tried to hack the Republican National Committee and they were unable to break through.', '“Almost half a million people are still eligible (for DACA), particularly in the Asian-American and Pacific Islander community."', '380 Americans have been killed in 294 mass shootings in 2015 alone.', 'Says CNN’s Anderson Cooper stood in a ditch during Hurricane Florence to exaggerate water levels.', '“Most economists believe that over 70 percent of corporate taxes are paid for by the workers."', 'Reauthorizing the Children’s Health Insurance Program for six years saves $1 billion" and doing it for 10 years saves $6 billion."', 'California’s Capitol building is second only to Disneyland " among visitor sites in the state."', 'Our bold reforms have Wisconsin’s unemployment rate down to an all-time LOW of 2.9 percent and the number of people working at an all-time HIGH!', 'U.S. Steel just announced that they are building six new steel mills.', 'One third of all federal prisoners today are illegal immigrants.', "Florida passed a law where former felons can now vote. We've had more ex-felons register as Republicans than Democrats.", 'Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.', 'Eight in 10 people this year can find plans for $75 a month or less.', 'California is 49th out of 50 in the United States in per capita housing units. Only Utah can lay claim to being lowest in per capita production.', "Did Ilhan Omar Suggest ‘All White Men Should Be Put in Chains'?", 'Lettuce killed more Americans this year than undocumented immigrants.', 'Says James Comey Has Been Having An Affair With" Debbie Wasserman Schultz."', 'Last year alone we lifted 1 million Americans out of poverty which is a record.', 'We got to almost universal coverage in health care in Colorado.', 'Nearly $2 billion in cash was flown over to Iran money that the Obama administration has admitted is being used for terrorists and to support further activities there.', 'Wow highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan.', 'Alabama is the most generous state in the union in terms of what we give to charities.', '“Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief, 91 Billion Dollars, than any State in the history of the U.S."', 'The Alamo has been consistently listed as one of the most disappointing landmarks in our nation.', 'I wanted it to be here. And we had lots of choices. I wanted it to be in Ohio. I recommended Ohio.', 'Said of the National Climate Assessment: And you have to look at the fact that this report is based on the most extreme modeled scenario.', "Smart! 'Kuwait issues its own Trump-esque visa ban for five Muslim-majority countries.'", 'I don’t know if you noticed but deficits seem to be coming down.', 'Mike Pence slashed education funding in Indiana.', 'In 2013, President Barack Obama “shut down the government to force Obamacare."', 'Hurricane Irma could be a Category 6 by the time it hits East Coast.', 'The Democrats propose a government-controlled health care plan that will deprive roughly 120 million Americans of their current health care coverage.', 'Mergers and integration in agribusiness squeeze" family farms and "the result is that farmers are getting a record-low amount of every dollar Americans spend on food.', 'The steel industry is producing as much steel in the United States as it ever was. It’s just (that) it needs one-tenth of the workers that it used to.', 'Fox Sports cancels all NFL broadcasts ‘until players respect the flag.’', 'Hillary Clinton politically attacked sexual harassment victims', "Not a single Democrat opposed Neil Gorsuch's confirmation in 2006.", 'Claims GOP Rep. Joe Heck of Nevada voted 23 times" against banning terrorists from buying guns."', 'West Virginia spends more tax dollars on public education than all but 13 other states and the District of Columbia.', 'Every dollar of foreign aid for agricultural research will bring $4 in trade with the countries and the United States ... generating employment back in the U.S.', 'A Virginia principal expelled two kids for wearing a crucifix around their necks saying ‘there is no place for religion at school.’', '“That was going to happen — the baby boomers retiring was going do that. These deficit — trillion-dollar projections have been out there for a long, long time."', 'John Kerry to Get Jail Time', 'Claim says Target installed urinals in a women’s bathroom to accommodate the ones who have giblets.', 'Just 6 percent of Americans say Russia is the country’s most important issue, yet the story receives 75 percent of the coverage" in the media."', '“Republicans have now spent more than two years and nearly $7 million of taxpayer funds."', 'Says Chuck Todd said the Roy Moore story felt completely orchestrated.', 'A video claims to show a Muslim Rally in New York City demanding their Sharia Rights!', 'Says Roy Moore is on the wrong side of Trump’s border wall.', 'Rather than work to secure the border (Marco Rubio) supported Obama’s amnesty plan for illegal immigrants.', 'Says Obama orders life-sized bronze statue of himself to be permanently installed in White House.', '“Heidi Heitkamp: She rubber stamps the Washington liberal agenda."', 'Democrats want to have illegal immigrants pouring into our country bringing with them crime tremendous amounts of crime."', "This Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story. It's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should've won.", 'Claimed Sam Clovis, a senior White house adviser in the Department of Agriculture, called scientists dumb regular people" who think "the earth is somehow getting warmer.', 'The Trans-Pacific Partnership knocks out 18 000 tariffs that other countries place on American products and goods.', 'CDC Caught Flying Diseased Caravan Migrants Into U.S. for Medical Treatment', 'We’ve achieved a historic increase in defense spending.', 'The stimulus bill contains $20 million for the removal of small to medium-sized fish passage barriers" and "$25 million to rehabilitate off-roading trails for ATVs.', '“Thank you @realdonaldtrump for seeing my conviction for what it is: a political witch hunt by holdovers in the Obama justice department!"', 'I have always been there with" Donald Trump."', 'Half of all NC legislative candidates are unopposed because of gerrymandering.', 'I had a sexual harassment policy when I was governor in the eighties', 'Says President Barack Obama’s policy known as DACA contributed to a surge of minors at the southern border.', 'Says HHS Secretary Alex Azar called family separations at the border and detention of children in cages one of the great acts of American generosity and charity" and "is now in charge.', 'Says a Wisconsin welcome sign includes a message warning criminals and terrorists" that over "170 000 Wisconsin residents have a legal permit to carry a handgun.', 'The ammunition used in the Orlando shooting is banned by Geneva Convention. It enters the body spins & explodes.', '“Americans received the biggest tax cut in history last year."', 'In Austin Texas the average homeowner is paying about $1 300 to $1 400 just for recapture " meaning funds spent in non-Austin school districts."', 'Georgia has the lowest minimum wage in the country.', '“Under GOP plan, U.S. families making ~$86k see avg tax increase of $794."', 'UPDATE: ‘Thousands’ voted for Doug Jones in Alabama town with population of 2 256', 'Twitter shadow banning prominent Republicans.', "Official: Rudy Giuliani officially resigns Trump’s legal team on it's last leg.", 'Trump’s Top Scientist Pick: ‘Scientists Are Just Dumb Regular People That Think Dinosaurs Existed And The Earth Is Getting Warmer’', 'Republicans Looking To Cut Social Security As Much As 50 percent Immediately.', 'Inside the stimulus package is anti-Christian legislation that will stop churches from using public schools for meeting on Sundays as well as Boy Scouts and student Bible study groups.', 'Some of the things that (Megyn Kelly) said I didn’t say.', 'Unemployment is low because everyone has two jobs. Unemployment is low because people are working 60 70 80 hours a week and can barely feed their family.', 'Treasury Department\'s inspector general found there\'s $4 billion a year in excess payments" going to people that shouldn’t get them. "These are mostly Mexicans.', 'Tornado carries mobile home 130 miles, family inside unharmed.', 'Troy Balderson backs a massive tax giveaway" for corporations "by slashing Medicare and Social Security.', '“Repeat sex offenders pose an especially grave risk to children. ‘When convicted sex offenders reenter society, they are much more likely than any other type of offender to be rearrested for a new rape or sexual assault.’"', 'Black lung cases are at a 25-year high.', 'New York consistently ranks as one of the worst voting turnout states in the nation.', 'Californians pay the highest electricity bills" in the nation."', "We now have several hundred teachers that are over 100 years old and what I've read recently is that a baby born today their age expectancy is 110 at least.", '“Since the fourth quarter of last year until most recently, we’ve added almost 50,000 jobs in the coal sector."', 'Says Johnny Depp died after being apprehended for threatening President Donald Trump’s life.', 'You know what (Saddam Hussein) did well? He killed terrorists.', 'Second Roy Moore Accuser Works For Michelle Obama Right NOW', 'The major immigration issue was about Poles and Bulgarians and Romanians " and that they weren’t contributing economically. "The unemployment rate among Poles in Britain is lower than the unemployment rate among Brits.', 'Marijuana is a Schedule I drug, which you understand means that you can’t do any research about it.', 'At this very moment large well-organized caravans of migrants are marching towards our southern border. Some people call it an invasion. It’s like an invasion. They have violently overrun the Mexican border.', 'Says “insurers can charge thousands more" for preexisting conditions under the House GOP health care bill.', 'Even with a permanent income tax increase... the budget is more than $1 billion out of balance…', 'Vietnam is ordering at least $12 billion worth of Boeings.', 'Just last year alone 710 police officers" were assaulted in New York state."', 'Breaking: Shep Smith to be canned because he can’t control his hate for Donald Trump.', 'Idaho mother sentenced to prison after multiple citations for breastfeeding in public.', 'Viral posts claim President Donald Trump called for the death penalty" for "suicide bombers.', 'The Obama administration was actively supporting Al Qaeda in Iraq the terrorist group that became the Islamic State.', 'MEDIA SO DISHONEST: (Flashback) Obama Calls to Congratulate Putin', 'Says Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. has said Black Lives Matter is a terrorist movement a hate group and calls it Black LIES Matter.', 'My policy is similar to what President Obama did in 2011 when he banned visas for refugees from Iraq for six months.', 'Senator Elizabeth Warren has been on Risperdal since first being prescribed the drug in 2011.', 'The McCarran-Walter Act of 1952 bans Muslims from holding public office in the United States.', 'Alison Alter has exploited a campaign finance loophole to obtain over $64 000 in public dollars to fund her campaign.', 'Black and Latino people in NYC are arrested at TEN times the rate of white people for virtually the same rate of marijuana usage.', 'I did not support the war in Iraq … The record shows that I’m right.', 'If he wants to talk about receipts not a Hamilton ticket but $145 000 of taxpayer money why won’t you release those receipts?', '“The deal is so bad for rich people, I had to throw in the estate tax just to give them something."', 'Mitch McConnell was one of the few senators that voted after Tiananmen Square not to have punitive actions against China for human rights violations.', 'Muslim nurses now have the option of participating in medical operations without washing their hands.', '“Now, let’s be clear — this is not amnesty, this is not immunity. This is not a path to citizenship."', 'Says that except for Donald Trump, every other major party nominee" for the past 40 years has released their tax returns."', 'In April, the vast majority will be (filling out their taxes) on a single postcard.', 'Nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born.', "Fact-checking Donald Trump's statement on Saudi Arabia, Khashoggi murder", 'Seahawks player was captured on camera burning an American flag.', 'One year ago (Republicans) would not fill seats vacated for people who went to the administration because of the cost of those elections. Now they’re talking about changing the rules to add additional elections that will cost millions of dollars of taxpayer expense.', 'The chairman of the party of Florida who is an avid and outward supporter of Marco Rubio gets to appoint 30 of those delegates.', 'When Trump wanted to turn a taxpayer-owned building into an $800 a night hotel (Congressman Jeff Denham R-CA) helped broker the deal and bragged about it.', 'In year No. 1 14 million Americans lose coverage " according to the CBO."', 'No court has held (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) unconstitutional.', 'President Obama separated the children. … I’m the one that stopped it.', 'You take Pulse nightclub. If you had one person in that room that could carry a gun and knew how to use it it wouldn’t have happened or certainly to the extent that it did.', 'I’ve cut a half a billion (dollars) out of the EPA just in the last two years. We’ve cut 3 000 jobs out of the EPA.', 'The House Zika bill limits access to birth control services needed to help curb the spread of the virus" in Puerto Rico."', 'Says Rep. Mike Coffman is the one who said" he would support Trump."', 'Two-thirds of the (Hurricane Sandy relief) bill had nothing to do with Sandy.', 'Abortion providers perform almost 60,000 procedures in Texas every year.', '“If you look at President Obama and other presidents, most of them didn’t make calls. A lot of them didn’t make calls. I like to call when it’s appropriate, when I think I am able to do it."', "Roy Cooper's refusal to do his job is costing taxpayers money.", '90% of rural women and 55% of all women are illiterate" in Morocco."', 'If a lawsuit backed by Josh Hawley succeeds, nearly 2.5 million Missourians with pre-existing conditions could lose their health care coverage.', 'There was nobody that was in the history of our country more transparent than me. I said give them every document give them every person. … I gave them White House counsel I gave them other lawyers – anybody you want you can talk to.', "California’s proposed tobacco tax diverts 82 percent of the new taxes to line the pockets of wealthy special interests like insurance companies who don't have to help even one more patient.", 'Says Donald Trump thinks stop-and-frisk is fine.', 'Obamacare was invented by liberal academic theorists.', 'Claims Zika “will be everywhere in the United States."', 'A viral meme attributes a quote about how to anger" a conservative and a liberal to President Theodore Roosevelt."', '“98 percent of mass public shootings in the United States since 1950 have taken place in gun-free zones."', 'Says former FBI Director James Comey lied to Congress', 'We’ve seen the Chinese now say for among the first times that they believe the correct answer has to be a denuclearized peninsula.', 'In Milwaukee, murder is up an astonishing 57 percent.', 'Medicaid is contributing to 70 percent of our budget deficit right now. It’s the one that is in our lap because of Obamacare.', "In Chicago they've had thousands of shootings thousands since Jan. 1. Thousands of shootings.", 'Says Bruce Poliquin voted to strip 117 000 Mainers of their insurance.', 'Tear gas was used on average once a month during the Obama administration for very similar circumstances.', 'Immigrants are not ‘animals.’ The president’s statement was deeply offensive and racist.', 'Says Mike Pence said that allowing rape victims to have abortions will lead to women trying to get raped.', 'The high cost of child care is the No. 1 reason people give for having fewer children than they’d like.', 'Says Dontre Hamilton was shot 14 times by police for resting on a park bench in Milwaukee.', 'When Ronald Reagan was president the discretionary spending all those appropriations was 75 percent of the budget the mandatory was 25.', 'Saudi Arabia put up hundreds of billions of dollars of money going into buying our planes and our military equipment and investing in our country.', 'Says over the last 400 years “it has taken every single country at least 10 years to get over a financial crisis this severe."', 'NASA announced that it communicated with four races of aliens.', 'Says Arizona congressional candidate Ray Strauss is a ‘Champion of Big Government’ for his votes to raise taxes while on the local city council.', 'Says that CAIR was founded after 9/11.', 'Jim Renacci has been a lobbyist even while in Congress" and "voted to make it easier for lobbyists to hold key government positions and harder to investigate conflicts of interest.', 'Ronald Reagan said, Nancy Pelosi is extremely evil.', 'One in 10 babies born in this country is born in Texas.', 'Says Sen. Chuck Schumer in 2014 helped put together and signed a $25 billion deal to fund a border wall" and now opposes Trump\'s $5 billion request for a border wall "just because he\'s a Republican.', 'Says Monica Lewinsky Found Dead" in a burglary."', 'Says of tear gas use against migrants, Is this legal? Is this moral? Is this accurate? What is happening here?', "I've been on the Armed Services Com for 10 years. No call or meeting w/Russian ambassador. Ever.", 'On separating families at the border.', 'A majority of President Trump\'s supporters and voters wanted (the United States) to stay in" the Paris Agreement"', 'West Virginia is second in the nation in the percentage increase of GDP.', 'For perspective, Special Session costs you $50k, every single day. That’s roughly the average teacher’s salary in NC.', 'FBI issues Warrant For Obama’s Arrest After Confirming Illegal Trump Tower Wiretap.', 'Raleigh is spending more on affordable housing than Dix Park.', 'The only reason the unemployment rate is going down is because … twice as many people dropped out of the employment pool as the number of jobs were created.', 'Kavanaugh chooses his words very carefully and this is a dog whistle for going after birth control.', '“Three Democrat Senators Busted Running Underage Prostitution Ring."', 'Says Hillary Clinton helped get done" the Children\'s Health Insurance Program."', 'Gov. Kay Ivey gave nearly $1 million of taxpayers’ money to a liberal activist organization that promotes alternative lifestyles and transgenderism.', 'FBI Director James Comey said that Hillary Clinton had no knowledge of some of those so-called classified e-mails because they were either not marked or they were not classified at the time or they were incorrectly marked.', '“99% of sexually active women have used birth control in their lifetime."', 'More bills have passed in the first six months of the Trump administration in the House than under Clinton Obama and both Bushes.', 'The immigration bill includes free Obamacars " motorcycles or scooters."', 'U.S. Rep. Ron DeSantis voted in favor of food stamps for illegal immigrants.', 'That Judge Kavanaugh is more of a centrist than some of his critics maintain is reflected in the fact that he and Chief Judge Merrick Garland voted the same way in 93 percent of the cases that they heard together.', 'Vermont had to scrap" its single-payer health insurance program because it was "going bankrupt.', 'The labor market is weak because if you count the unemployed, underemployed, and those who’ve stopped looking for work, the unemployment rate actually went up last month to 13.5 percent.', '“And don’t forget Biden deserted you. He’s not from Pennsylvania. I guess he was born here, but he left you, folks. He left you for another state. Remember that, please. I meant to say that. This guy talks about, ‘I know Scranton,’ ‘I know’ — well I know the places better. He left you for another state and he didn’t take care of you because he didn’t take care of your jobs. He let other countries come in and rip off America."', 'Marijuana and THC have caused emergency room visits to skyrocket.', 'The United States ended slavery around the world and maybe we should get some credit for that too.', 'Says actor Dwayne The Rock" Johnson wore a T-shirt stating: "We Stand for the flag we kneel for the fallen.', 'Says President Bill Clinton did not sign NAFTA.', "When I say Mexico is going to pay for the wall that's what I said. Mexico is going to pay. I didn't say they're going to write me a check for $20 billion or $10 billion.", 'Since the Republican tax cuts became law, plants are closing layoffs are looming and wages struggle to keep pace with the actual cost of living.', 'Greitens accuser admits photo session may have been a ‘dream.’', 'Heroin overdoses are the No. 1 cause of death in Ohio, ahead of car crashes.', 'Says Hillary Clinton has called for a radical 550 percent increase in Syrian ... refugees . . . despite the fact that there’s no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or where they come from.', 'President Obama became the first president since Carter to leave the White House with a smaller federal prison population than when he took office.', 'Even the CBO numbers show now that the entire $1.5 trillion tax cut is virtually paid for by higher revenues and better nominal GDP.', 'The New York State Senate passed legislation allowing minors to race snowmobiles get their own hunting licenses and not be employed gathering or picking rags cigar stumps or collecting bones.', 'Breitbart leaks names of four Dems being charged in Mueller’s Russia probe.', 'ICE just endorsed me.', "Says Jose Felix Diaz supports President Donald Trump's plan to slash Medicare charge older Americans an age tax and cut coverage for pre-existing conditions.", 'U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson has voted for $7 trillion of our national debt!', 'The minute the president speaks about it to someone he has the ability to declassify anything at any time without any process.', 'Photos related to gun violence in present-day United States and the Holocaust in Nazi Germany suggest that gun control laws created or exacerbated the genocide of Jews.', 'Claims retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, a Donald Trump supporter, is “on the payroll of RT a Russian government-funded TV station."', 'Says the U.S. Attorney’s Office said that neither I nor my campaign had any idea what was going on" regarding my father\'s illegal campaign contributions. "And that’s why they closed this case.', 'Says precisely zero terrorists terrorist groups or terror plots have ever been connected with the U.S.-Mexico border to do harm to people within the United States.', 'Neighborhoods have become more violent" under President Barack Obama\'s "watch.', 'Claims that FBI Director James Comey found her public statements about not sending or receiving classified email to be “truthful."', 'President Trump has passed more legislation in his first 100 days than any president since Harry Truman.', 'Malia Obama just got arrested buying cocaine', 'Bowe Bergdahl wanders off during court-martial', 'Dr. Kelli Ward, a former Arizona state senator, “wasted your tax dollars for a town hall on ‘chemtrail’ conspiracy theories."', 'It is estimated that more than 20 veterans die by suicide every day.', "Says Hillary Clinton and millennials have the same positions on climate change, abortion rights, immigration reform, gay rights and college affordability. Donald Trump doesn't.", 'One out of five Americans cannot afford the cost of prescription drugs.', 'Most private sector jobs in the history of Buffalo exist in Buffalo today', 'I think I received more votes in the Democratic primary than any governor in history.', 'Social scientists estimate that as many as 27 million men women and children are trafficking victims at any given time.', 'If you are talking about Canada .. our wine cannot sit on their supermarkets.', 'Says unemployment doubled" when Tim Kaine was Virginia\'s governor and Indiana has seen "great job growth" under Gov. Mike Pence."', 'You (Evan Jenkins) said your philosophy was ‘progressive mainstream’ back in 2003.', 'Edward Snowden: Osama bin Laden is still alive living in the Bahamas', 'Says Russ Feingold voted to raise taxes on Social Security benefits for seniors he even tried to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants.', '“One year ago, we pledged to cut nationwide opioid prescriptions by one-third. Already during my time in office, we have reduced the total amount of opioid prescribed by 34 percent. That’s a pretty amazing number."', 'Puerto Rico got 91 Billion Dollars for the hurricane more money than has ever been gotten for a hurricane before.', 'There are more than twice as many (crisis pregnancy centers) as there are legitimate abortion providers in the United States.', 'John Boehner had been the Speaker of the House until he was forced out in a Tea Party putsch in 2011', 'Say video shows massive alligator strolling across Florida golf course.', 'An elderly British politician has been savagely beaten to a bloody pulp by a gang of anti-Trump protestors because he ‘welcomed’ the U.S. president to the United Kingdom.', 'Says Paul Ryan shut off the C-SPAN cameras when the Democrats started their sit-in.', "Al-Qaida operatives have said Hey we want you to use this loophole (for purchasing guns despite being on a watch list) to attack and kill Americans.'", 'A million Democrats deserted (Howard Dean’s) party and joined my party because of Donald Trump in Ohio this year.', 'Says Donald Trump supports an agenda out there" to privatize the Veterans Affairs health care system."', 'Canada Pays Off Entire Federal Debt One Day After Marijuana Legalization', 'Background checks have been unequivocally shown to reduce gun violence.', 'Says that in 2015, illegal" immigrants accounted for 75 percent of federal drug possession convictions and 5 percent to 30 percent of convictions for murder and kidnapping plus two other crimes."', "Says Donald Trump's abortion rule puts at risk 15 times more funding and millions more women and families ... than previous similar policies by Republican presidents.", 'A meme quotes Rep. Nancy Pelosi as saying: I am disgusted with ‘President’ Trump allowing people to keep more of the money they earn.', 'Says $15-an-hour minimum wage proposal in Cleveland is “the most aggressive minimum wage increase in the country."', 'Jack Berry voted for a plan to cut $23.8 million from our schools.', 'Today 27 million people .. are enslaved.', 'The bulk of the problem with the opioid epidemic is the fentanyl and all the synthetic drugs coming across the southern border.', 'Says 11 straight years of no major hurricanes striking land" in the United States "bores a hole right through the whole climate change argument.', 'Florida’s coastal and stormwater infrastructure are two of the most critical areas during a storm and received D-plus and D ratings respectively by the American Society of Civil Engineers in 2016.', '“The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal."', 'Under the Iran nuclear deal, we give them $150 billion we get nothing.', 'The University of Wisconsin System budget is the biggest it has ever been.', "Anybody in favor of the [diversity visa] lottery where you pick it out and you say Good we have a new United States citizen'?", 'By law Democrats gave the superintendent of public instruction back in 2009 the ability to take over failing schools … The current superintendent has failed to do that.', 'Claimed allegations of “sex actions" made against President Donald Trump in a dossier on alleged ties between Trump and Russia are “absolutely true."', 'What he [Brett Kavanaugh] told us under oath is not accurate.', 'In 1986 President Ronald Reagan" cut the business tax rate to 34 percent and "it worked -- our economy boomed the middle class thrived and median family income increased.', 'The Paris Agreement would result in lost jobs lower wages shuttered factories and vastly diminished economic production.', 'A violent felon can buy (a gun) over the Internet with no background check no questions asked.', 'Says there are probably 2 million it could be even 3 million" criminal immigrants in the country illegally."', "There are communities under Sharia law right now in our country. Up in Illinois. ... There’s Sharia law as I understand it in Illinois Indiana -- up there. I don't know.", '“Now he’s lying about Social Security and Medicare. O’Connor supports a Pelosi-backed plan that cuts Medicare spending by $800 billion."', 'Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail" by President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton."', 'Even Richard Nixon released his tax returns to the public when he was running for president ...', 'Now that we have this deficit problem we caused with this tax bill they turn around and they say they have got to get rid of Medicare Medicaid and Social Security.', 'Says the Obama administration purged training courses and information about Islamism jihad Sharia and the Muslim Brotherhood.', 'Most U.S. foreign assistance ... is given to U.S. companies and nonprofits in the form of contracts and grants.', 'Instead of two for one we have cut 22 burdensome regulations for everyone new rule.', "Says Sen. Mitch McConnell's delay in seating Alabama Sen.-elect Doug Jones is a flagrant violation of Senate policy which requires Jones assume office the instant one of them wins the election.", 'Says he and his running mate are the only candidates that do believe in free trade.', 'A Facebook post attributes several quotes about President Donald Trump to former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.', 'Reminder: This building in Oklahoma City was blown up and destroyed just 4 days before Hillary Clinton was to be indicted in the Whitewater scandal. All documents lost!', 'David Jolly has used money and power to try to … drill off our beaches.', 'I haven\'t switched my position" on the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal."', 'Says challenger Sean Casten supports doubling premiums" and "cutting current health care plans.', "I'm not denying climate change. But it could very well go back.", 'A number of Democrats running for governor want to cut the prison population by 50%" and "that would require the release of thousands of violent felons.', '“Senator Kamala Harris’s presidential campaign has raised $12 million from more than 218,000 individual contributions in the first quarter of 2019. 98 percent of Harris’s contributions were under $100 ..."', 'Rep. Beto O’Rourke “said crossing the border illegally should not be a crime."', 'U.S. comedian Kevin Hart in critical condition after gory car crash.', "Business spirit is the highest it's ever been according to polls.", 'All the things Patrick (Morrisey) is saying — (that I supported) Hillary Clinton cap and trade Planned Parenthood — PolitiFact went through each and every allegation and said ‘False False False False.’', 'Harris County, Texas has some of the highest jailing and incarceration rates in the U.S. and the world.', "So we've already started the wall. We got $1.6 billion. The wall has been started. San Diego and lots of different places.", "Judge Neil Gorsuch has cavalierly referred to contraceptive use ... as ‘the wrongdoing of others.'", 'Farmers are now dumping milk into the ditches" because of a trade dispute with Canada"', 'Says Hillary Clinton wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent.', 'You’re an enemy of our country. You’re a general with war on your mind. You’re a dictator who we hate and who’s against us. And that dictator and his wife have a baby on American soil. Congratulations. Your son or daughter is now an American citizen.', 'Tariffs are paid for mostly by China by the way not by us.', 'Says explosive devices mailed to prominent Democrats and Trump critics confirm the deep state (is) launching false flag against (mainstream media)/Dems to blame Trump & pro-America forces.', 'Says Sen. Bill Nelson is a socialist.', '“Let there be no doubt: If the bill is passed, thousands of federal offenders, including violent felons and sex offenders, will be released earlier than they would be under current law."', 'John Hagee calls for prosecuting women who say God’s name during intercourse.', 'Middle-class income rose to a record level in 2017 as the strong economy lifted the fortunes of more Americans.', "In Congress @RonDeSantisFL was the DECIDING vote AGAINST our state's right to protect Florida waters from drilling.", 'Autopsy results from Vince Foster’s exhumed body — Cause of death to be changed!', "The EPA director under Obama said the Clean Power Initiative would have no effect on man-made CO2 emissions. That's what she said. Go look it up.", 'I think it’s very very good for women and I’m very happy a lot of these things are coming out. I’m very happy it’s being exposed.', 'On expanding offshore oil drilling', 'Says President Obama was proposing pinprick strikes" for military intervention in Syria."', 'What the facts say" is ... "the best scenario for kids is a loving mom and dad.', 'We created 800 000 new jobs we cut the unemployment rate almost in half and today New York State has more private sector jobs than it has ever had in its history', '“NASA confirms Earth will experience 15 days of darkness in November 2017."', '1 in 100 people are sociopaths.', "I wanted to keep it private because I don't think it's anybody's business if I want to send money to the vets.", "Says Sen. Dianne Feinstein said if she had 51 votes in the Senate for 'Mr. and Ms. America turn in all of your guns  they would do it.", 'Some patients who are on transplant lists for kidney or other organs are being dropped from the list simply because they are shown as a licensed card holder" for medical marijuana."', "Did Queen Elizabeth Suggest Deporting Muslims 'To Avoid Bloody Terrorist Attacks'?", 'The Mueller investigation has spent more than $40 000 000.', 'Obamacare premiums nationwide have increased by double and triple digits.', 'NASA has discovered a new planet covered with marijuana', 'Says Deborah Ross supports the Iran nuclear deal and the ransom it paid for hostages.', 'When the price for oil goes up on the markets it goes right up but it never goes down.', "Most of these mass shootings take place in (areas) where you're not allowed to have a concealed weapons permit.", 'Was George Soros a Nazi Sympathizer?', "He was asked about his foreign-policy experience. He said Well he had taken the Miss Universe contest to Moscow.'", 'So many of these people that commit the mass murders end up being Democrats.', 'I earned more votes in the state of Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York.', "Some countries are contributing (peacekeeping) troops because they're making money off of them.", 'For decades the state’s gas tax has been among the highest in the nation.', 'In 2016, there were 5,570 people in Wisconsin who committed crimes on probation and they were not revoked.', 'United Nations caught helping and coaching caravan illegal aliens!', 'The word picnic is a racially insensitive word.', 'Says associates of financier Bill Browder sent a huge amount of money over $400 million as a contribution to the campaign of Hillary Clinton.', 'DACA ‘essentially provided a legal status for recipients’', '“Thus far we\'ve not seen any indication that North Korea is willing to take concrete measures towards denuclearization."', 'Milwaukee police use deadly force at a rate that is among the lowest" in the country."', 'Clinton Foundation was created and money started to roll in. ... The Clintons are now worth in excess of $100 million.', 'Judge Kavanaughs home...was vandalized today by over 200 protesters', 'This new gas tax does not increase (road) capacity anywhere in the state. It will build no new lanes of freeways. If Californians didn’t like their traffic before they’re going to like it even less when they’re stuck in the exact same traffic and paying more for their gas.', 'Says Ron Johnson gave himself a $10 million sweetheart corporate payout.', 'For every extra year that a girl stays in secondary school her chance of getting infected with HIV/AIDS decreases by half.', '“Senator Johnny Isakson fought President Obama’s reckless deal with the Iranian regime. Now Iran is already violating the agreement — illegally testing ballistic missiles."', 'Studies are showing California’s wildfires are producing more emissions than all of our cars are doing.', 'More than a million Wisconsinites have voted to raise their own property taxes because Republicans have failed to fully fund our public schools for the past eight years.', '“These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction."', 'Says Joe Biden voted for the Iraq War for mass incarceration and for the Bankruptcy Reform Act while voting against gay marriage reproductive rights and school desegregation.', 'Cooper has “filed nearly one lawsuit a month, with every single one of them an attempt to extend his own power."', 'Obama orders ban on Christmas cards to military.', 'When asked about bills in Congress important to the North Country, Derrick responded ‘I just don’t know enough about it.’', "I didn't say there are millions (of illegal votes).", 'Under the House Republican health plan, sexual assault is a pre-existing condition.', 'Right now as you know the rule the current rule is that it requires 60 votes for a Supreme Court nomination.', 'Says Hillary Clinton was to be indicted over the Whitewater scandal four days before documents related to the case were destroyed in the Oklahoma City bombing.', "The border city of El Paso Texas used to have extremely high rates of violent crime — one of the highest in the country and considered one of our nation's most dangerous cities. Now immediately upon its building with a powerful barrier in place El Paso is one of the safest cities in our country.", '“Retweet if you would *not* benefit from a private jet tax break,"', 'Kurt Russell supports Trump" by wearing a Trump T-shirt."', 'Risk analysts listed Donald Trump a Donald Trump presidency as one of the top threats facing the global economy ahead of terrorism.', 'Minnesota imposed an Islamic anti-blasphemy law', 'There was serious voter fraud" in California."', 'House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi “came out in favor of MS-13" and was “trying to find all sorts of reasons why they should be able to stay."', '7 million more Americans are uninsured now than when President Trump was elected.', "Fake tweet claims President Donald Trump said: When I deport Ilhan Omar we can just say 'some people did something'.", 'Says President Barack Obama got a pass" over controversal remarks by Rev. Jeremiah Wright while a 12-year-old speech by House Majority Whip Steve Scalise has blown up into a national story."', 'United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.', 'Says Prince invested in Nike in 1971, recruited Michael Jordan to the company in 1983 and designed the first Air Jordans.', 'Eleven individuals who make over $30 million each got $22 million credit" from Wisconsin\'s manufacturing and agriculture tax credit."', 'Wall Street comes out en masse with its money against House Democrats every election.', 'Major signs of voter fraud uncovered in Ohio.', 'Donald Trump would force schools to allow guns in classrooms on his first day in office.', 'Military spends 10 times as much on erectile dysfunction as it would on transgender medical care.', 'The races in Florida for Senate and governor were “won" on election night by the Republicans.', 'Americans are 25x more likely to be shot & killed than others in developed countries.', 'Is a U.S. attorney pursuing treason charges against Obama?', 'NC is home to two of the top five most polluted rivers" in the U.S."', 'Was a Rock Used as a Doorstep Actually a Valuable Meteorite?', 'Today’s minimum wage worker making $7.25 an hour has less buying power than a minimum wage worker in the 1960s.', 'We came out of the White House not only dead broke but in debt.', 'In-state tuition available for non-U.S. citizens after three years … veterans have to wait five years.', '“We’re having tremendous plans coming out now - health care plans - at a fraction of the cost that are much better than Obamacare."', 'Says Patrick Murphy never worked as a CPA" and was "never a small business owner.', 'There is a big correlation between third grade reading level and whether you go to college or whether you go to prison. And in Florida right now only 56 percent of kids are coming out of third grade at third grade reading level.', 'California will automatically register illegal immigrants to vote.', 'On preserving 60-vote threshold to end a Senate filibuster.', 'Says Hillary Clinton shows up in Broward County" and had a private meeting with elections supervisor Brenda Snipes."', 'Is Marlboro Selling Marijuana Cigarettes?', 'A meme quotes Sen. Chuck Schumer as saying it’s racist to only allow citizens to vote.', '“Under the Republican health care repeal proposal North Carolina faces the 2nd highest premium increase in the nation. North Carolina residents will face an average cost increase of over $7,500."', 'Half of everyone that’s here illegally (in the U.S.) came here legally on a visa and have overstayed their visa.', 'Federal Witness Due To Testify Against Hillary Clinton For Drug Crimes Killed In Massive Explosion', 'Says Bill Nelson voted for cuts to Medicare providers" and voted to weaken "Social Security protections" as a U.S. senator."', 'We passed the toughest gun control law in the United States of America the SAFE Act.', 'Did Sarah Palin Question Why NATO Did Not Assist in World War II?', 'Charlottesville car attacker is anti-Trump Antifa supporter.', 'Did Hillary Clinton Suggest the Global Population Must Be Greatly Diminished"?"', 'The FBI “cannot yet assess whether the material may or may not be significant."', 'We’re charging China tariffs. We’ve never taken in 10 cents from China and now we’re taking in billions and billions of dollars.', '“We have trade agreements with 20 countries, and we have trade surpluses with each one of those 20."', 'A 2002 born-alive bill had “reaffirmed" that “infanticide is already illegal in every state. ... There is no need for additional federal legislation on this topic."', "We have 93 million people out of work. They look for jobs they give up and all of a sudden statistically they're considered employed.", 'Does the FISA Memo Show That the FBI Was Spying on Trump?', '“A congressman issued that report without even talking to any of our advisers."', "Denali' is the Kenyan word for 'black power.'", 'Floyd Mayweather Jr. donates a whopping sum of money to Houston after hurricane.', 'It was under Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton that changed the rules of engagement that probably cost (Capt. Humayun Khan’s) life.', 'Death should be not a taxable event and we should not be stopping people from being able to pass their life’s work on to their kids.', 'In Chicago which has the toughest gun laws in the United States probably you could say by far they have more gun violence than any other city.', 'The KKK was formed by the Democratic Party.', "I'm the only candidate in the Democratic primary or actually on either side who Wall Street financiers and hedge fund managers are actually running ads against.", '...Secret documents reveal that Iran could obtain a nuclear weapon far sooner than we were told. And Tammy Duckworth voted ‘yes’ (on the Iran nuclear deal).', 'Claimed that a reporter “totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written [about the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks] in order to make me look bad."', 'Says Gov. Andrew Cuomo is “stealing money from the MTA and sending it upstate for projects that have nothing to do with transit."', 'The U.S. “would actually be on a glide path to balancing the budget" had Congress enacted Trump’s 2018 plan.', 'Says actor Morgan Freeman said, Jailing Hillary" is the best way to "restore public faith in government.', 'Under the House tax bill, “70 percent of the tax relief goes to those families making less than $200,000."', 'JEFF SESSIONS CAUGHT COLLUDING WITH OBAMA', 'Our trade deficit in goods reached nearly … $800 billion last year alone.', 'Nonpartisan experts have consistently ranked Claire one of the most independent senators — right in the middle.', 'The state is set to recapture an additional $500 million in Robin Hood payments from taxpayers and not one penny of it will go to public education in Texas.', 'Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens including aggravated felons.', 'Before you buy Girl Scout cookies be aware that they support Planned Parenthood which now endorses full term abortions.', "Syria and Nicaragua are the only nations that didn't sign the Paris Agreement. Nicaragua said it wasn't tough enough.", 'In Florida when Jeb Bush was governor state authorities conducted a deeply flawed purge of voters before the presidential election in 2000" and "in 2004 a plan to purge even more voters was headed off.', 'The ceilings of the Virginia Senate and House chambers are circled by gold-embossed tobacco leaves.', 'I voted to fund President Trump’s wall.', 'Is NASA Training a Teenage Girl to Be the First Human on Mars?', 'The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the election. A big reason is bad (terrible) trade deals with other countries.', 'I watched in Jersey City New Jersey where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as that building [World Trade Center] was coming down.', 'Here are some of the things that are more popular than Congress: hemorrhoids Nickelback traffic jams root canals colonoscopies herpes. Even herpes they couldn’t beat herpes in the polls.', 'The auto industry thought the Obama administration\'s fuel standards were a good idea" and automakers "didn\'t even agree" with President Donald Trump\'s proposal to roll them back."', 'Two senators — bipartisan — reached out to the election apparatus in Florida to let them know that the Russians are in the records and all they have to do if those election records are not protected is to go in and start eliminating registered voters.', 'More than 66% of ALL births in California are to illegals on Medi-Cal.', "Was Trump 'shaking with rage' after Rachael Maddow 'confirmed the golden shower rumors'?", 'Earlier this year Hurricane Harvey left more than 12 million people in Texas and Louisiana without homes.', 'Hillary Clinton has promised to raise taxes by $1 trillion.', 'The Dog Meat Festival in Yulin, China, threatens global public health.', 'Says a recent analysis" showed that 91 percent of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients are employed in school or serving in the military."', 'Says an ICE detainer request is not a valid warrant.', 'Have 89 People Been Hospitalized In Chicago Due To Synthetic Cannabis?', 'At the State of the Union address, Democrats, even on positive news … were like death and un-American. Un-American. Somebody said ‘treasonous.’ I mean yeah I guess why not? Can we call that treason? Why not?', 'A case before Washington’s Supreme Court seeks to effectively end public labor unions.', 'Incredibly some Tallahassee politicians want to make Florida a sanctuary state.', 'This Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story.', 'Alabama state police arrest 3 poll workers in Birmingham.', "Bruce Rauner is of record that he will fully support the Trump candidacy. It's documented. It’s available.", 'Chinese lunar rover finds no evidence of American moon landings.', 'I left the White House $16 million in debt.', 'Says Dan Feehan would vote with Pelosi for open borders and amnesty putting Minnesota families at risk.', '“So here are just a few statistics on the human toll of illegal immigration. According to a 2011 government report, the arrests attached to the criminal alien population included an estimated 25,000 people for homicide, 42,000 for robbery, nearly 70,000 for sex offenses, and nearly 15,000 for kidnapping. In Texas alone, within the last seven years, more than a quarter-million criminal aliens have been arrested and charged with over 600,000 criminal offenses. … Sixty-three thousand Americans since 9/11 have been killed by illegal aliens. This isn’t a problem that’s going away; it’s getting bigger."', 'Donald Trump’s golf course on the island defaulted like so many of his other failed business schemes. The failure left Puerto Rican taxpayers with a nearly $33 million bill.', '“Joining ‘Soros Funded’ Antifa Is Now Illegal, Punishable By 15 Years In Prison"', '“Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton refuse to declare war on ISIS."', 'Says Carlos Beruff supported (Charlie) Crist even after he switched parties.', '“Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy. I finished it."', 'Says Donald Trump always pays his bills promptly.', 'Wisconsin has the number one health care system in the country. Everyone in poverty now has health care', 'Ninety percent of Americans want our background check system strengthened and expanded to cover more gun sales.', 'Refugees are subject to more rigorous screening than the average tourist in the U.S.', "At General Motors, CEO Mary Barra took home almost 22 MILLION DOLLARS last year alone (295x your company's average employee).", 'I can tell you that the enhanced interrogation techniques that have since been banned by this administration — specifically waterboarding — work.', 'Says Russ Feingold said that with Obamacare, we could keep our doctors and our plans it was rated as the Lie of the Year.', 'Claims he won the Electoral College in a landslide.', 'Claims that “because of Obamacare, Medicare is going broke."', '“The vast majority of minimum wage workers get a raise within a year."', 'Says human activity, or carbon dioxide emissions, is not the “primary contributor" to global warming.', 'Says Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s email password was password.', 'There is no ‘backlog’ of untested rape kits in Wisconsin.', 'The Republican tax bill lets every American keep more of what they earned.', "Says when an interviewer asked Donald Trump if he treats women with respect, Trump replied, I can't say that.", 'The crowd (in Las Vegas) fled at the sound of gunshots. Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer ...', 'California’s deadly wildfires would never happen" with "proper Forest Management.', 'Trump says he has recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.', '“Here with Cesar Sayok is Izzy Hernandez, a Billionaire Democrat donor."', 'Says 74% of people in Texas are crammed into 4% of the land.', 'http://www.politifact.com/new-york/statements/2016/dec/16/andrew-cuomo/most-taxes-are-lower-cuomo-was-elected/', 'Experts estimate that 40 percent of gun sales occur in no-questions-asked transactions that often take place at gun shows or on the Internet.', 'Says Tony Thurmond was sued by the ACLU" for leaving students in unsafe conditions."', 'On whether he’s had a relationship with Vladimir Putin.', 'BREAKING: Nancy Pelosi Was Just Taken From Her Office In Handcuffs', 'Seven days before John F. Kennedy was assassinated he said, There’s a plot in this country to enslave every man woman and child. Before I leave this high and noble office I intend to expose this plot.', '“There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea."', 'Says there is proof Democrats hired actors to plan violence in Charlottesville.', "So the number on DACA is 800 000 but every one person can bring in their entire extended family once they reach a certain status. So it's 3 or 4 million right?", 'We have spent $350 million to deal with sea-level rise" in the Miami area and "hundreds of millions of dollars to deal with coral reefs.', 'People who die from a home invasion make up a sad but minuscule .04 percent of all gun murders in the US. And over a third of them are killed by their own gun that the criminal has either stolen or wrestled from them.', 'Say that former Clinton Foundation CEO Eric Braverman has been missing for 70+ days.', "Since 2015 Scott Walker has not done a public event where you don't have to pay admission or be on an approved list.", 'I support the Great Lakes. Always have … And I’m going to get … full funding of $300 million for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative which you’ve been trying to get for over 30 years.', 'Says the two migrant children who died were very sick before they were given over to Border Patrol.', '“The best thing that is happening with the health care is premiums will come down."', 'Sean Hannity Facing Possible Prison Time for Witness Tampering', 'Says Joe Manchin strongly supported and voted for Hillary Clinton after she said ‘We’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of work.’', 'The number of illegal immigrants could be 3 million. It could be 30 million.', 'Heads up Georgia. The Muslim Brotherhood is backing Abrams.', 'Amendment 2 will bring kid-friendly pot candy to Florida.', 'Says immigrants start businesses at a faster rate; they seem to grow those businesses more successfully.', 'There’s a section in the Constitution called the Emoluments Clause that says no one nor their spouses can take money from foreigners. (Hillary Clinton) has to be guilty of 70 or 100 counts just on that one charge.', 'Four years after Gov. Andrew Cuomo promised universal pre-K, 79 percent of 4 year olds outside New York City lack full day pre-K.', 'North Carolina last year was second in the nation in overdose deaths.', '“The average time someone used to hold a share of stock back in the ’60s was eight years. Now, the average time is four months."', 'Congressional Black Caucus introduces bill to tax people for being white.', 'USA: Mysterious Nazi submarine from WWII discovered in Great Lakes!', 'Chinese restaurant in Coral Springs Fla. busted for selling dog meat to VIP customers.', '“As a candidate, I promised that we would protect coverage for patients with pre-existing conditions and create new health care insurance options that would lower premiums. I have kept that promise, and we are now seeing health insurance premiums coming down."', 'America’s life expectancy has declined for the last three years in a row the first time in a hundred years because of surges in suicides and drug overdoses.', '“[T]here is overwhelming evidence" that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton “actually obstructed justice."', 'Did Stacey Abrams Suggest Agriculture Is Unnecessary Due to Grocery Stores?', 'Look we\'ve heard from countless members of the FBI that say very different things" about James Comey."', '“Under Obama, our [labor force] participation rate actually dropped from 65 to 62. It’s going back up to more people in the workforce here."', 'Is it against the law to shower and do laundry on the same day in California?', 'A study of where teachers apply to work found that less than 5 percent wanted to work in rural Wisconsin.', 'Two-thirds of the people who use Medicaid are poor children but two-thirds of the money is for long-term care for seniors whether in a facility or at home.', 'Missouri has the worst roads in the Midwest and nearly the worst roads in the country.', "In many instances (people's) health care costs are more than their mortgage costs or their rent which by the way is a first in American history.", 'Says he negotiated for the defense contractor Lockheed Martin to shave hundreds of millions of dollars off the price.', '3,000-Pound Great White Shark Captured in Great Lakes.', '“The unemployment number, as you know, is totally fiction."', 'Sweden. They took in large numbers (of immigrants). They’re having problems like they never thought possible.', 'Says Republican U.S. Rep. Bob Dold “continues to side with his Republican leadership and the NRA in blocking consideration of a bill that would keep firearms out of the hands of people on the terrorist watch list."', '“Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones, Texas Department of Public Safety. @FoxNews"', 'In the first full month of my administration following the issuance of my executive orders illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent.', "Says Sen. Tim Kaine approves of and even applauds his son's participation in a known terrorist organization #Antifa.", 'Las Vegas Shooting Witnesses Report Multiple Gunmen Dressed as Security Guards.', 'Since 2011 the gap in high school graduation rates between African-American students and all students has been cut in half from 6.4 percent to 3.1 percent.', "Did Charles Krauthammer Write an Op-Ed Arguing for 'Trump the Pragmatist'?", 'NFL fines Pittsburgh Steelers $1 million each for skipping national anthem.', 'Democrats oppose any effort to secure our border.', 'Recent immigration raids are not business as usual. The raids are being done indiscriminately. They’re not focused simply on criminal aliens.', 'While California’s population has doubled since the 1970s we haven’t completed a single major (water) storage project in that time.', 'Says that despite a recent increase in school funding, Scott Walker has taken over a billion dollars from the public schools.', "Says Benito Mussolini initiated a campaign to 'drenare la palude' ('drain the swamp') by firing more than 35 000 civil servants.", 'Does the new New York law allow full-term abortions?', 'Potential Foxconn changes are due to the wave of economic uncertainty" from Evers administration."', 'Says that along the southern border of the U.S. " the government apprehends "seven individuals a day who are either known or suspected terrorists.', 'Pepsi admitted an employee contaminated its products with AIDS', '“According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America’s taxpayers many billions of dollars a year."', "Jennifer Aniston is starting a company named 'Celebrities for Trump.'", 'BREAKING: Illegal Muslim From Iran Arrested For Starting California Wildfire', 'Wages haven’t gone up for a long time.', 'Says the concealed carry bill would allow residents of certain states to travel to your community and walk right into a school zone with a loaded weapon no matter what local laws say.', 'One in three women is sexually assaulted on the dangerous journey north.', 'Says Karen Handel’s office budget increased a whopping 42 percent.', 'If you cross the border illegally in the U.S. you get a drivers license medical insurance housing career training the right to vote.', "I'm calling into question the accuracy of the ruling. The district judge in Seattle said there was no indication of terrorism from these seven countries in our country.", 'If you pass the so-called Dream Act it will be the single biggest amnesty in the history of the United States even bigger than the 1986 amnesty.', '#MichaelCohen: Convicted of lying to Congress re: Russia investigation … #ElliottAbrams: Convicted of lying to Congress re: arming Contra death squads', "Did Trump Bribe Ukraine to Back Off 'Russia Probe'?", 'San Francisco and Takoma Park, Md., are allowing illegals to vote.', 'Says the Senate Intelligence Committee has held 10 public hearings this year, more than double that held by the committee in any recent year.', 'A recent Obama executive order could lead to a number of investigations by Interpol in the United States potentially aimed at American officials.', 'Says 109 people out of hundreds of thousands of travelers" were affected by the immigration executive order."', 'Does the NRA Make Gun Targets of Children', 'Texas is one of the most gerrymandered states in the union.', 'Computer models show Irma destroying New York City on Sept. 10.', 'Say President George W. Bush  ‘borrowed’ $1.37 trillion of Social Security surplus revenue to pay for his tax cuts for the rich and his war in Iraq and never paid it back.', "Donald Trump Protester Speaks Out: 'I Was Paid $3 500 To Protest Trump's Rally.'", 'As Tennessee governor, Phil Bredesen supported higher taxes on us. Higher gas taxes. Higher sales taxes.', 'Obamacare is not a popular law.', '“Under no circumstances was any disaster relief funding transferred from [FEMA] to immigration enforcement efforts."', 'Says Donald Trump wrote in his book, Being an atheist gives me an edge in every deal. Christians are too moral for business.', "We've got about $3 trillion in trapped cash overseas that basically can't come back in this country because of our tax laws.", 'Says his meeting with the Russian ambassador and foreign minister was a public meeting.', 'The Iran deal handed billions of dollars of cash on cargo planes sent it to a state sponsor of terror and Tammy Baldwin was one of the first U.S. senators to get on board and support that.', 'The latest round of tariffs now means that the total tax increase on Americans from enacted tariffs exceeds the tax increases from the Affordable Care Act.', 'Says former president Jimmy Carter said, Medical marijuana cured my cancer.', 'More (people) die from indoor air pollution than from malaria HIV/AIDS and TB combined.', 'Saudi Arabia is the only Muslim country out of 47 Muslim-majority countries" where women cannot get licenses to drive."', 'Says May 2018 marked the 401st straight month of global temperatures exceeding the 20th century average.', 'White House Erupting In RAGE After Obama Gets Invited To Royal Wedding – Trump Got DENIED.', 'Cited the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail" in announcing ban on transgender people from serving in the military."', 'New York State has been horribly horribly hurt by NAFTA', 'A woman’s right to make her own health care decisions is at risk" with Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh."', 'The Democrat(ic) position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies AFTER birth.', 'Obama released 10 Russian agents from U.S. custody in 2010 during Hillary’s uranium deal.', 'Sen. Joe Donnelly has “missed 1 in 5 committee hearings" since he took office in 2013.', 'I don’t take a dime of PAC money.', 'Congressman DeSantis voted to cut Social Security and Medicare" and "voted to increase the retirement age.', 'Trump-approved \'M.A.G.A. checks\'" are available if you subscribe to an investment newsletter."', '“We’ve had bigger storms than this. And if you go back into the 1930s and the 1940s and you take a look we’ve had storms over the years that have been bigger than this. If you go back into the teens, you’ll see storms that were as big or bigger. So we did have two horrific storms, epic storms. But if you go back into the ’30s and ’40s and the teens, you’ll see storms that were very similar or even bigger, okay?"', 'There is no doubt. Socialist party how is it? Germany’s National Socialist Party.', '“Yes, I think Susan Rice may have committed a crime"', 'If upstate New York split from downstate the economic indicators of upstate New York would be among the lowest in the country.', "Did Cory Booker Say He Was 'Sick and Tired of the Constitution'?", 'Says Donald Trump has been talking about the option of using a nuclear weapon against our Western European allies.', 'Bill de Blasio is banning hot dog sales to stop climate change.', 'Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders.', "Actress Sandra Bullock: 'Donald Trump Is Doing Everything To Improve Our Nation If You Don’t Like Him Just…'", 'Says Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez has passed one bill in her 20 years in office and that was to rename a post office.', 'President Trump has the “right" to fire special counsel Robert Mueller.', 'In the ‘40s 68 cents of every health care dollar was actually paid for by the patient today it’s only 11 cents.', 'Thomas Jefferson said ‘Government that governs least governs best.’', 'Says Hillary Clinton believes that all abortions should be legal even on the due date of that unborn child.', 'Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall (stopping Crime Drugs etc.) not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80% positive issue.', 'According to Pew Research 99 percent of the people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia law.', 'We have trade deficits with almost every country.', '“Rosie O’Donnell apparently committed the same offense five times, five times, when she broke the identical law that Dinesh was prosecuted for."', 'San Juan Teamsters didn\'t show up for work to distribute relief supplies" because they went on strike."', 'It would take $135 billion to eradicate global poverty.', 'Says he was not part of transferring" any priests accused of sexual abuse."', 'Miss Universe Guyana 2017 arrested at London Heathrow airport with 2 kilograms of cocaine.', 'You will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the Federal Election Commission" to see the financial disclosure form than by looking at tax returns."', 'Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State costing Americans millions of jobs.', 'If Congress fails to act the Obama administration intends to give away control of the internet to an international body akin to the United Nations.', 'An Ohio ballot issue would address the fact that we’ve gone from paying about $100 for Epipens to over $600 ... We don’t have a choice but to pay it and the drug companies know it.', "Gyms in southeast Raleigh don't have air conditioning", 'Apprehension rates at the southern border have plummeted since the 1980s and apprehensions of Mexicans specifically have reached their lowest point in nearly half a century.', 'Michelle Wolf Fired — Comedy Central Apologizes To Sarah Sanders.', 'Black business ownership jumped 400% in one year.', 'The caliphate has crumbled and ISIS has been defeated.', "Bay Area liberals have given more to Jon Ossoff's campaign than people in Georgia.", 'On whether he would seek to undo the Foxconn deal.', '1 in 5 children in America goes to sleep hungry at night.', 'Says the Austin metro region will lead" the nation "with population growth over 50%" over the next 30 years."', 'When Rick Scott was deposed in lawsuits about his company he took the Fifth 75 times.', '#Broward elections department has a history of violating the law.', "‘What difference at this point does it make?' I am the guy that got under her skin and provoked that infamous response from Hillary Clinton by asking a pretty simple question Why didn't you just pick up the phone and call the survivors’ (of the Benghazi attack)?", "Says President Barack Obama’s nominees met a standard of 60 votes, a standard that was met by Elena Kagan as well as Sonia Sotomayor President Obama's choices.", 'Claimed that the Supreme Court ruled illegal aliens ... do not in effect possess the right to sue anyone in case they feel abused or mistreated.', 'In Florida, it’s illegal for mayors to even bring up gun reform for discussion.', 'Update: van full of illegals caught voting at multiple Alabama polling locations.', 'They have allowed millions of low-wage workers to compete for jobs and wages against the poorest Americans.', 'Says that under Scott Walker, on a percentage basis, Wisconsin is spending twice as much on debt service for just basic road repair and maintenance" than before he took office."', 'Chicago has the toughest gun laws in our country. They are so tough.', 'Says NRA head Wayne LaPierre said, We believe in absolutely gun-free zero-tolerance totally safe schools. That means no guns in America’s schools. Period.', 'Says the KKK marched in Mebane, N.C., after Trump’s victory', '“What people don\'t realize is, because of Obamacare, Medicare is going broke."', '“We know that Saudi Arabia started al-Qaida."', 'Says Donald Trump promised “the mass deportation of Latino families."', 'Bruce Springsteen only had 8 000 tickets sold" for a Greensboro show and canceled after "they didn’t get the ticket sales they wanted.', 'Black home ownership just hit the highest level it has ever been in the history of our country.', '“On average, girls first become victims of sex trafficking at 13 years old."', 'Obama Announces Bid To Become UN Secretary General', 'A shocking 20 veterans are committing suicide each and every day especially our older veterans.', 'Welcome to #Houston the most #diverse city in #America.', 'The FEC has announced that it may have to recommend invalidating more than 60K votes" in Alabama’s U.S. Senate race."', 'Said methane is 86 times more potent than carbon dioxide.', "Under Rahm Emanuel, Chicago's got tree trimmers making six figures.", 'The NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process.', 'Was the Pipe Bomber Photographed with a Major Democrat Donor?', 'For immigrants with visa overstays, we make no effort to hold them accountable to that or uphold the law.', 'Household incomes are down more than $4 000 since the year 2000.', 'We\'re pretty much at the 50 percent mark" on deportations of MS-13 gang members."', 'After Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, within 24 hours Americans lost $100 billion from our 401(k)s.', 'Says GOP Congressional candidate Scott Jones “wants to build a wall. He wants to round people up and deport folks."', 'Says Dr. Robert Gallo, the man who helped discover the HIV virus, confessed he was forced" to "create the HIV virus as a secret weapon to wipe out the African race.', 'Rep. Pittenger is “constantly rated as one of the most liberal Republicans in Congress."', 'Road projects across the state are staying on track or getting done sooner thanks to the good work of the team at the Wisconsin Department of Transportation.', "The United States has a massive trade deficit with Japan. It's anywhere from $69 billion to a $100 billion a year.", 'Says Marco Rubio was for immigration reform and a pathway to citizenship before he was against it.', 'Is This Photo of Muslims Praying From Birmingham, Alabama?', "You go down to Miami and when it's flooding at high tide on a sunny day fish are swimming through the middle of the streets.", 'The Human Rights Campaign is more powerful than the NRA', '“This is our first Cabinet meeting with the entire Cabinet present. The confirmation process has been record-setting long — and I mean record-setting long."', '[Aftab] Pureval’s lobbying firm made millions helping Libya reduce payments owed to families of Americans killed by Libyan terrorism. Selling out Americans? Aftab Pureval can’t be trusted.', 'The overwhelming majority of America’s elite universities they no longer require history majors to take a single course in American history.', 'Says there\'s no way" that hairspray used over the years "in my apartment ... affects the ozone layer.', 'The Paris Agreement is by far the largest number of countries ever to sign an international agreement on a single day.', 'For the amount of money Hillary Clinton would like to spend on refugees we could rebuild every inner city in America.', 'Says Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio had it set so that the winner takes everything because they wanted to make sure that I didn\'t get anything" in the Florida primary."', 'Look at [Richard] Blumenthal. He lied about Vietnam. He didn’t just say ‘Hey I went to Vietnam.’ No. No. For 15 years he said he was a war hero he fought in Da Nang province. We call him ‘Da Nang Richard.’ ‘Da Nang’ — that’s his nickname. ‘Da Nang.’ He never went to Vietnam. And he’s up there saying ‘We need honesty and we need integrity.’ This guy lied when he was the attorney general of Connecticut. He lied. I don’t mean a little bit. And then when he got out — he actually dropped out of the race and he won anyway because Democrats always win in Connecticut. He won very close probably the closest ever. And when he got out and when he apologized he was crying. The tears were all over the place.', '“This is on the Keystone pipeline…A lot of jobs, 28,000 jobs. Great construction jobs."', '“Obama declared Flint water crisis a National Emergency and never fixed it."', "Paying for a hotel room is not a gift or a present and it has nothing to do with an office. It's not an emolument.", 'Says Donald Trump is going to go out and carpet bomb" the Middle East."', 'Money raised to help (Beto) O’Rourke get elected is being used to fund migrants. This is clearly breaking campaign finance laws.', 'There was a “very plausible alternative explanation" to White House counsel Don McGahn’s claim that the president asked him to have Robert Mueller removed as special counsel.', '“I know the president certainly would like to reduce the deficit and it\'s one of the reasons that his budget — this budget reduced the deficit by $3 trillion, which was one of the largest in history."', 'For decades Madigan kept property taxes high and made a fortune helping cronies like Pritzker dodge them.', 'What part of the human roots of climate change are responsible for creating intenser storms? I think that’s a question that is unanswered by science.', 'We flood communities with so many guns that it is easier for a teenager to buy a Glock than get his hands on a computer or even a book.', 'On spending growth under Gov. Andrew Cuomo: Despite the fact that you continue to suggest that you’ve been able to hold the two percent you haven’t.', 'Says Beto O’Rourke is open to abolishing ICE.', '“The folks in Washington" are “already forcing you to buy government health care."', 'A photograph shows an undocumented immigrant with smallpox.', 'We have laws on the books designed to prevent people with mental illnesses from getting firearms.', 'With this plan the typical family of four will save $1 182 a year on their taxes.', '“But keep in mind, you put all of those people together, people who are on the individual exchanges, people who are on their parents’ programs at 26, more people than that, most of them in the middle class, paid a fine last year so they didn’t have to take Obamacare."', '“The number of officers shot and killed in the line of duty last year increased by 56 percent from the year before."', 'California is hemorrhaging population.', 'As Secretary of State Hillary Clinton laundered money to Bill Clinton through Laureate Education while Bill Clinton was an honorary chairman of the group. Clinton’s State Department provided $55.2 million in grants to Laureate Education from 2010-2012.', 'Says author J.K. Rowling was the first billionaire to fall off Forbes billionaire list because of charitable giving.', 'A video clip from the Notre Dame cathedral fire shows a man walking alone in a tower of the church dressed in Muslim garb.', 'It’s the law [to separate immigrant families] and that’s what the law states.', 'Says Special Counsel Robert Mueller stated, while this report does not conclude that the President committed a crime it also does not exonerate him.', 'J.B. Pritzker’s tax plan" includes a "new tax per mile you drive with government tracking device.', "Says Beto O'Rourke gave the remaining $4.5+ mill from his Senate race to (the Texas Democratic Party) a few months ago & the Party sent the money back to him on the day of his announcement.", 'We’re the worst state in the country at moving people from welfare to work.', '“I’ll soon sign into the law the largest legislative effort in history to address the opioid crisis. ... Very little Democrat support."', 'Since Scott Walker has been our governor we’ve gone from 50 percent state funding for the" University of Wisconsin System "to 15 percent.', "2009-2010 let's remember hundreds of Republican amendments were adopted in the ACA.", 'Says known or suspected terrorists “cannot just walk in and buy a firearm" at a gun store.', 'Under the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty, the U.S. would “surrender American sovereignty" and allow “foreign bureaucrats to trample on your Second Amendment freedom."', 'Says Stacey Evans voted for (school) vouchers...in the beginning.', 'I never lobbied under any circumstance" for Freddie Mac."', 'Says President Donald Trump has given more financial disclosure than anybody else.', 'China is going to have twice the number of submarines we have in just over a decade.', 'NC has the strictest anti-gerrymandering standards" in the U.S."', "Because there's no local option to allow communities to ban limit or restrict the location of pot shops if Amendment 2 passes you can expect the seedy elements of the pot industry to move in right next door to your neighborhood your church your business and even your child's school.", '“In seven years, that deal will have expired, and Iran is free to go ahead and create nuclear weapons. That’s not acceptable. Seven years is tomorrow."', 'States that have implemented waiting periods have seen significant decreases in suicides.', 'Go back to 2005 until now we have quadrupled the number of Border Patrol agents.', 'Voter fraud was “massive" and “unprecedented" in an attempt to help Democrat Doug Jones win Alabama’s special Senate election.', '“The #irandeal ultimately would have guaranteed Iran a nuclear bomb capable of reaching the US."', 'Food stamp enrollment drops by four million in one month.', 'GDP is booming. Let’s spread the prosperity to the middle class with big #TaxCuts. Our #TaxReform package doubles standard deduction brings $$$ back home and reduces rates for ALL taxpayers. We will #MAGA.', 'Says Kevin Cramer voted to let insurance companies go back to denying coverage for 300,000 North Dakotans with pre-existing conditions.', 'The nuclear deal gave Iran $150 billion giving $1.8 billion in cash — in actual cash carried out in barrels and in boxes from airplanes.', '“I’ll tell you, we’re spending a lot of money on the inner cities. We’re fixing the inner cities. We’re doing far more than anybody’s done with respect to the inner cities. It’s a priority for me. And it’s very important."', 'Several times, Obama has apologized for what he deems to be American arrogance dismissiveness and derision; for dictating solutions for acting unilaterally ... .', 'The president has the right to ban any group or anybody that he feels is going to do harm to our country. They have an absolute right.', '“In Mobile, it’s something like, 1,700 families generate 80 percent of the crime. We know who those families are."', '90 percent of Americans support universal background checks" for gun purchases."', 'The sanctions that we put on (Russia) for the Crimea annexation and meddling in Ukraine ... have absolutely crushed the ruble by 50%. And GDP from 2014 to 2016 is 50% down in Russia as well.', '“The FBI conducted its ninth annual ‘Operation: Cross Country’ initiative against those who traffic in children for sexual exploitation, resulting in the arrest of hundreds of sex traffickers."', 'Says he did not discuss sanctions with Russian ambassador to U.S.', '“One in three women in this country has had an abortion."', 'Hillary (Clinton) caught on tape laughing about (Hurricane) Irma ‘wiping out all of those Florida hillbillies’.', 'BREAKING: Trump Just Ended Welfare For One HUGE Group For 5 Years!', 'Hannity tells radio audience that Beto O’Rourke is asking for help in getting undocumented to vote.', 'Miami Dolphins fire 2 kneeling players before pre-season kickoff.', 'Of all the people in federal prison for possession of illegal substances 77 percent of them are not citizens of the United States.', 'Says No I don\'t benefit I don\'t benefit" from his tax proposal."', 'El Paso Texas used to have extremely high rates of violent crime " but "immediately" after a wall was built it became "one of the safest cities in our country.', 'Undocumented immigrants commit less crimes than the native born.', 'Says Ted Cruz didn\'t honor the pledge" to support Trump."', '“Roy Moore takes the military vote, pulls ahead by 5,000 votes"', '“Women provide 66% of the work, produce 50% of the food, but earn only 10% of the income and own 1% of the property. We can change this."', "It's clear in our country right now almost half of American families are a $400 unexpected expense away from complete upheaval.", 'A photograph shows Barack Obama bowing to Ayatollah Khamenei.', 'Texas is one of only a handful of states that does not have an equal pay law.', 'We need quick justice and we need strong justice — much quicker and much stronger than we have right now. Because what we have right now is a joke and it’s a laughingstock.', 'Claimed the computer hacking of U.S. political organizations during the 2016 presidential election “could have been other people and other countries."', 'Want to know why hundreds of thousands of people have left New York and moved to Florida? I’ll be joining @SquawkCNBC at 7:45AM to talk about it. (Hint: lower taxes).', 'FACT: #GlobalGagRule kills funding for ANY health center that even *mentions* abortion.', 'Under President Barack Obama, more Americans are in poverty ... than at any time since the Census Bureau began keeping records on it over 50 years ago.', 'Denied he ever called Social Security a “Ponzi scheme."', 'For 21 countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, we simply do not have data to say anything about trends in poverty.', 'President Trump last month proposed a $6 billion cut in funding to the National Institutes of Health. And thank God our congressmen made a deal last night to not go along with that. They actually increased funding by $2 billion.', 'No state generates as much solar power as California or has as many people whose jobs depend on it.', 'Russ Feingold got a memo in 2009 that outlined veteran harm" at a Wisconsin VA facility "and nothing was done.', 'Says Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want to expand (Obamacare) into a single-payer program.', 'Kim Jong Un dead: North Koreans calling Trump an assassin', 'Photo shows a sea of red-clad education advocates covering most of the Halifax Mall.', 'President Obama left “us with more Superfund sites than when he came in."', 'President Trump has signed more bills into law “than any president previously before at this stage in the game."', "What is 'covfefe'?", 'So great that oil prices are falling (thank you President T).', 'Richard Nixon released tax returns when he was under audit.', "I complained about that a long time ago and they made a change and now they do fight terrorism. I said it was obsolete. It's no longer obsolete.", 'Florida has the most concealed weapon permits in the nation, nearly double that of the second state which is Texas.', 'Lou Dobbs broke the story today that Mexican drug cartels are paying Pelosi and Schumer millions to keep border open.', "Says Tony Evers didn't revoke the license of a teacher caught spreading pornography and commenting on the bodies of middle-school girls.", 'Says comedian David Letterman responded to the mass shooting in Las Vegas by tweeting, “End white privilege today."', "Says Jon Ossoff doesn't even live in (his) district.", 'Medical-grade marijuana alone will not get that patient ‘high ’ no matter what level of THC CBD or any other compound is found in the plant.', 'Zika mosquitoes can’t catch me.', 'Clean energy employs more than half a million Californians. That’s nearly ten times more the number of coal mining jobs that exist in the entire nation.', 'I know the H-1B very well. And it’s something that I frankly use and I shouldn’t be allowed to use it.', 'Brendan Kelly spent his career" supporting Nancy Pelosi."', 'Hate crimes against American Muslims and mosques have tripled after Paris and San Bernardino.', '... the World’s most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia & me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!', 'Says it’s documented that City of Austin fees for building an apartment complex are nearly 10 times what Dallas levies.', 'Does This Video Show an Antifa Member Being Assaulted by a Cop', 'FDA ANNOUNCED THAT VACCINES ARE CAUSING AUTISM! Is this true?', "George Papadopoulos' role with the Trump campaign foreign policy team was extremely limited.", 'Half of proposed tax breaks would go to the wealthiest 1 percent.', 'Says Sean Hannity said in 2008 that Obama’s willingness to meet with North Korea was disturbing" while Trump’s "willingness to meet with North Korea is a huge foreign policy win.', 'Says Hillary Clinton has pledged amnesty in her first 100 days and her plan will provide Obamacare Social Security and Medicare for illegal immigrants breaking the federal budget.', 'Over 1 000 people were denied a ballot on Election Day" in the 2016 North Carolina primaries"', 'Says Sen. Charles Schumer repeatedly supported a physical barrier in the past along with many other Democrats. They changed their mind only after I was elected president.', 'BREAKING NEWS: Donald Trump On His Way To Donate Kidney To Melania Trump.', 'Claims many people are working two jobs largely “because of this horrible Obamacare."', 'In Wisconsin, Foxconn has 4 000 jobs people making $53 000 a year.', 'But you know what he [Saddam Hussein] did well. He killed terrorists. He did that so good.', '“Florida Obituaries show no Parkland school shooting deaths."', 'We’ve taken back almost 100 percent in a very short period of time of the land that [ISIS] took. And it all took place since our election.', 'The North Carolina bathroom bill was really never repealed.', 'Virginia Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam was the “deciding vote" in “favor of sanctuary cities that let dangerous illegal immigrants back on the streets."', 'According to data provided by the Department of Justice the vast majority of individuals convicted of terrorism and terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country.', '“We don’t have a surplus with anybody. We have the worst deals."', 'Says Andrew Gillum “oversaw a 52 percent increase in murder."', "Education Secretary Betsy DeVos owes Ohio $5.3 million for campaign finance violations and Mike DeWine's office refuses to collect the fine.", 'Claims U.S. held $150 billion in frozen Iranian assets.', 'The White House was built by slaves.', 'Dolphins are rapists. Look it up.', 'This is not the first time (the Russians) have been involved in our elections.', 'A meme quotes Cory Booker as saying We’re sick and tired of the Constitution sitting in the National Archives manipulating everything we do.', '“Today President Obama said there will NOT be a National Day of Prayer in May."', 'The Trump-Republican tax plan delivers a huge tax cut to millionaires billionaires and wealthy corporations. And the middle class gets stuck with the tab.', 'Says Ted Cruz just flip-flopped about the president needing to be U.S.-born.', 'In 2015 homicides increased by 17 percent in America’s 50 largest cities. That’s the largest increase in 25 years.', 'I didn’t direct him but I would have directed him because that’s his job.', 'Imitation dairy products often differ nutritionally from those they mimic, and labeling them milk" or "cheese" or "yogurt" is "against the law.', 'Democratic lawmakers who voted in favor of short-term spending bills just voted to deport Dreamers.', 'Says the Obama administration sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London ... only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars.', "Says David Clarke reduced the number of Milwaukee County sheriff's deputies from about 700 and something to 300 and something.", 'Since 1973 the income of the bottom 90 percent so pretty much all of us didn’t budge or even retreated a little bit.', 'On November 1 ... new [Obamacare premium] numbers are coming out which will show 40 50 60 percent increases. They want to delay it until after the election.', "In 2008, candidate Obama he's not even president-elect sends William Miller over to Iran to establish a back channel and let the Iranians know that should he win the election they will have friendlier terms.", 'Independent analysts say (Donald Trump) would add $30 trillion to the national debt.', 'University of Texas undergraduate student debt is less than $21 000… probably one of the lowest debts across the nation.', 'As a U.S. senator with salary and perks \u202a#\u200eBernie\u202c is in the top 1 percent but still paid only 13 percent in taxes last year.', 'We know [Erika Harold would] discriminate against a loving gay couple who want to adopt a child favoring an abusive straight couple instead.', '[T]he city with the strongest gun laws in our nation is Chicago and Chicago is a disaster.', 'Seventy to 80 percent of NRA members support a universal background check.', 'Says Marco Rubio “has a 98 percent voting record with the Koch brothers."', 'There were 63 murders this weekend" in Chicago and Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s legacy is "more murders in his city than ever before.', 'Food waste is the 3rd largest contributor" of greenhouse gas emissions."', 'Quotes Bernie Sanders as saying, Christianity is an insult to Muslims.', 'While on FAKE NEWS @CNN Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!', 'Says Ann Kirkpatrick walked out on constituents when questioned" on the Affordable Care Act."', 'Speaking of immigration cases, says, We have thousands of judges.', 'British voters under 50 especially millennials overwhelmingly voted to stay " in the European Union. "It was older voters who voted to leave.', 'Germany is crime-riddled right now" because of migration to Europe."', 'When Rick Baker heard (racist remarks from another mayoral candidate) he went after Congemi. Rick Kriseman he just looked away. Tolerating bigotry in silence is no virtue; taking it on is.', 'Said Rep. Wilson took credit for getting funding for an FBI building.', 'Do Photos Show Pigs Who Died In Hurricane Florence?', 'More college graduates are living at home than in decades.', 'Says Donald Trump has said he wants to … abolish the VA.', 'The Clintons used $400 million in aid and U.S. taxpayer funds to build what amounted to a massive sweatshop.', 'ISIS is infiltrating America and using Syrians to do it.', '“Forty percent of Americans under age 35 tell pollsters they think the First Amendment is dangerous because you might use your freedom to say something that hurts somebody else’s feelings."', '45.6 million people watched the highest number in history. @FoxNews beat every other Network for the first time ever with 11.7 million people tuning in.', 'After years of wage stagnation we are finally seeing rising wages.', 'Pier 39 terrorist was an anti-Trump antifa supporter.', 'Says Donald Trump promised to repeal Obamacare, build a wall, ban Muslims, and more.', 'Says Jay-Z set up a $15 million trust fund for Nipsey Hussle’s children.', 'Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock was an antifa member.', 'Suggested that his administration “fired a whole bunch of people who were in charge of some of these facilities" involved in the VA wait-times scandal.', 'Clinton campaign has paid people to disrupt violently our rallies and to incite absolute total bedlam.', 'If you became a Medicaid recipient through the Obamacare expansion you are grandfathered in.', 'Says Gerald Daugherty advocated lowering the penalty for crimes like strangulation in domestic violence cases because they just ‘throw more people into the’" jail "‘system.', 'Wrote that climate scientists have predicted “global temperatures would increase more than one degree Celsius by 2020, but observed temperatures have been only “half as high.', 'We have never done business with Donald Trump.', 'Says the Democratic Party created a debate schedule to maximize the opportunity for voters to see our candidates.', 'I was always labeled as one of the most liberal members of the United States Congress.', '“We would be just like North Carolina with HB2-like (transgender bathroom) legislation. It actually passed our chamber and I vetoed it."', 'Tennessee GOP twitter taken down after tweet exposing Pelosi involved in pedophilia.', 'Says John Quincy Adams said, If your actions inspire others to dream more learn more do more and become more you are a leader."', 'Did the owner of the Red Hen threaten Sarah Huckabee Sanders after she left?', 'The state budget fully funds an initiative to provide free college tuition for illegal immigrants while rejecting an increase in Tuition Assistance Program funding that would help middle-class families afford college.', 'On NFL players protesting during the national anthem.', 'Tomi Lahren Said Obama Created Festivus to Destroy Christmas', 'Says President Obama’s proposed oil tax would cost consumers 24 cents a gallon.', 'Claimed that federal spending on Medicaid would increase “every single year" under the GOP bill and the annual increases would be “equal to the cost of medical care."', 'White House ‘Resistance’ mole a fake – NY Times admits they were trolled', '“Let me thank the Koch brothers of all people for sponsoring a study that shows that Medicare for All would save the American people $2 trillion over a 10-year period."', 'Her campaign and her supporters in her campaign were the ones that borne out the birther movement.', 'Texas leads the country in animal deaths by sodium cyanide M-44s.', 'Says Gov. Pat McCrory tried to cut education funding to its lowest budget share in over 30 years.', 'Public trust in our election system is at an all-time low.', '“This is bigger than Watergate."', '“For the tens of millions of Americans who will lose their health care if the ACA is repealed, I vote no. #MakeAmericaSickAgain"', '“I just fired the head of the F.B.I. He was crazy, a real nut job. I faced great pressure because of Russia. That’s taken off."', '“Our country has inherited an energy-dependent country from previous generations, and in recent years, we\'ve struggled to be self-sufficient in producing low-cost, abundant and reliable energy."', 'Austin was the site of the first mass shooting in the country.', 'Says Michael Screnock let a child predator walk without time and let a rapist who preyed on an underage girl go free after only an eight-month sentence.', 'Donald Trump was photographed wearing blackface.', 'Says the FBI was prevented from fully investigating Omar Mateen because of “the Obama administration’s political correctness."', 'One extra year of schooling for girls reduces infant mortality rates among their children by up to 10 percent.', '“Fortunately, the United States has done very well since Election Day last November 8th. ... Unemployment is at its lowest level in 16 years."', 'I was never for it [Iraq War]. I was against it — before it ever started I was against it. And I was against it from before 2004.', 'All these efforts [by the Russians] were about sowing confusion in the electoral process and undermining the next president not about supporting one candidate over the other.', 'Says Tim Burns and Rebecca Dallet have openly criticized laws signed by Governor Walker that they disagree with and are campaigning as activists who will implement their policies from the bench.', '“Then there’s the issue of illegal immigrants voting."', 'Late Night Raid On Michigan Mosque Nets 11 ISIS Terrorists and More Than 40 Vests.', '“I watched that hearing, and I watched a man saying that he did have difficulty as a young man with drink."', 'Says Jennifer Aniston said, Me and all the Trump supporter celebrities decide to make a company named ‘celebrities for Trump’', 'The United States was paying for anywhere from 70 to 90 percent of (NATO) depending on the way you calculate.', 'A photo circulating online claims to show a border patrol officer badly injured on Nov. 25 when a group of migrants tried to breach the U.S. border in San Diego.', 'FBI did not disclose who the clients were — the Clinton Campaign and the DNC.', 'Says Joe Manchin said yes to repealing Obamacare. He lied.', 'Says 566 000 crimes" were "made in Texas by criminal aliens in the last 6 years.', "Over 40 percent of the American people don't have $400 in the bank.", 'Says Donald Trump’s Make America Great Again" caps are "made in China.', 'Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy.', 'Hedge fund managers and others in private equity pay much lower income tax rates than truck drivers, teachers and nurses.', 'Says abortion is the leading cause of death for black Americans and kills as many as 1 000 black children every day.', 'The Orlando shooter used a weapon of war.', 'President (Donald) Trump pardons Kim Davis.', 'It was (Rob Portman’s) job to stop China’s illegal dumping of steel. He failed looked the other way did nothing.', 'Says Joe Heck voted to shut down the government.', 'With respect to Libya ... we did not lose a single American in that action.', '“In fact, today, more than 300 people, according to the FBI, who came here as refugees are under an FBI investigation today for potential terrorism-related activities."', 'The decision for the United States to buy heavy water from Iran will directly subsidize Iran’s nuclear program.', 'As governor, Tim Kaine oversaw a huge increase in illegal immigration a tremendous increase.', 'Claims claimed that Donald Trump would have violated his “fiduciary obligation" to his company and “could have been sued by his investors" if he overpaid personal income taxes.', 'Asia ... has less freshwater per capita than any other continent except Antarctica.', 'We protect those with preexisting conditions...the protection is absolutely the same.', 'McCain ‘Accidentally’ Killed 134 U.S. Soldiers While Serving In Navy', 'If you look worldwide the number of terrorist incidents have not substantially increased.', "When I was campaigning I was talking about 18 and 20 years (when) wages effectively went down. Now for the first time in a long time they're starting to go up for people.", "In my own state of Vermont from the very first days of our state's history what our Constitution says is that everybody can vote. That is true. So people in jail can vote.", 'A political map circulated by Sarah Palin’s PAC incited Rep. Gabby Giffords’ shooting', 'More than 20 million people are at risk of dying from starvation within 6 months in 4 nations.', 'A meme quotes Ruth Bader Ginsburg as saying she would resign if Kavanaugh was confirmed.', 'There\'s nothing to learn" from my tax returns"', 'Says Donald Trump contradicted his own administration when he said the decision to allow blueprints for 3D-printed guns to be distributed doesn’t seem to make much sense.', 'Medicare for All plan would provide comprehensive and cost-effective health care for everyone.', "Says Donald Trump's executive order doesn't address the over 2 000 children who are already separated from their parents and it doesn't change the fact that we would be jailing children with their families.", 'Described the estimated 2.6 percent growth in the nation’s real gross domestic product for the second quarter of 2017 as “a number that nobody thought they’d see for a long period of time."', 'Small business confidence is at an all-time high.', 'Irrespective of efforts that were made in 2016 by foreign powers it is the universal conclusion of our intelligence communities that none of those efforts had any effect on the outcome of the 2016 election.', 'Rauner made you pay for abortions in all nine months of pregnancy.', 'There were 2,761 auto thefts in 2006 under Rick Baker and 1,095 auto thefts in 2016.', 'The average tax bill for Americans in 2016 was a 41 percent increase from 2013.', 'According to independent experts " Donald Trump\'s tax plan "would blow up the debt by over $5 trillion and would in some instances disadvantage middle-class families compared to the wealthy.', 'Says the Obama administration invited Russia into Syria.', 'Says Russian President Vladimir Putin calls me brilliant.', 'No president in history has imposed larger personal lifestyle costs on the taxpayer than Donald Trump.', 'Two long running Obama era investigations of two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge just ahead of the Mid-Terms by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department.', 'Says he could “stop funding programs that are not authorized in law" to help pay for more spending on the military.', '“Clinton Foundations [sic] Sends Water To Houston…For $7 A Bottle."', 'Studies have shown Latinos are more than 40 percent less likely to call 911 when they have been a victim of a crime.', 'As far as my son is concerned. ... He took a meeting with a Russian lawyer not a government lawyer but a Russian lawyer.', "Every day over 450 000 Americans sit in jail not because they've been convicted of anything but because they are too poor to pay bail & don't have high powered attorneys.", 'Says Hillary Clinton wrote, I believe the primary role of the state is to teach train and raise children. Parents have a secondary role.', 'Tina (Smith) profited from the opioid crisis.', 'Delta Airlines is offering free airline tickets for people who take a short survey', 'Claims his legislative proposal to make the DACA program permanent will “generously" cover “almost three times more people than the previous administration covered."', 'Says Tammy Baldwin’s Medicare for All" plan means senior citizens would "no longer have" Medicare."', 'Says the University of South Florida invests in oil companies like BP, tobacco companies, weapons manufacturers and private prisons.', 'Busted: Obama is holding secret meetings to overtake the White House', 'Last year I proposed directing more of the education budget to teacher salaries a move that would have resulted in an average $10 000 raise for teachers.', 'State Passes Historic Bill To Keep Trump Off The 2020 Ballot – Trump Prepares To Sue', 'Democrats let him [police killer Luis Bracamontes] into our country … Democrats let him stay …. Who else would Democrats let in?', 'Do you really think I’d call Russia to help me with an election? Give me a break. They wouldn’t be able to help me at all.', 'Texas U.S. Rep John Culberson voted to let insurance companies charge people 50 and over five times more than younger people.', 'Says HB2 hasn’t moved the needle one iota" on North Carolina’s economy."', 'United States Steel announced a massive infusion of cash. They are opening seven different plants.', 'Not one illness has been reported from raw milk in" Texas "in more than four years. A total of six illnesses have occurred in the last 20 years.', 'There is no legal basis" for Donald Trump\'s "missile strike against Syrian military assets.', 'Kanye (West) looks and he sees black unemployment at the lowest it’s been in the history of our country. He sees Hispanic unemployment at the lowest it’s been in the history of our country. He sees (women’s unemployment) the lowest it’s been in now almost 19 years.', 'If you were a Muslim you could come in if you were a Christian it was impossible.', 'A meme quotes Rep. Ilhan Omar as saying, I should not be expected to pledge allegiance to any country ... including America.', 'I am the only one onstage who has never voted to raise your taxes. These two each a billion dollars worth of votes to raise your taxes.', 'Rep. Robert Pittenger stood against funding for the border wall.', 'David Hogg Changes Story Wasn’t At School When Cruz Opened Fire.', 'NASA confirms Earth will experience 15 days of darkness In November 2017.', 'The 2008 election was the first election in which voters of color comprised over 25 percent of the electorate and that number is going up.', 'I’ve lived" in Milwaukee "all 61 years of my life.', 'The president is concerned about the viability of this [Gateway] project and the fact that New York and New Jersey have no skin in the game.', 'Says Thomas Jefferson drafted the Declaration of Independence on hemp paper, grew and smoked marijuana, and said hemp is of first necessity to the wealth and protection of the country.', 'Says that at a campaign rally President Barack Obama spent so much time screaming at a protester and frankly it was a disgrace.', 'So all of these are studies and examples of where there have been issues of voter fraud and illegal immigrants voting.', 'With 320 000 net Ohio manufacturing jobs lost (Sen. Rob) Portman calls NAFTA a ‘proven success’.', 'Roy Blunt voted to raise his own pay 12 times" while in Congress."', '70 percent of Americans believe in improved and expanded Medicare for All.', '“They say I had the biggest crowd in the history of inaugural speeches. … We had the biggest audience in the history of inaugural speeches."', 'The Affordable Care Act is the single largest tax increase in my lifetime.', 'We’re the only advanced democracy in the world that makes it harder for people to vote.', 'Close to half of the voters in America the only tax they pay is the payroll tax.', "In 2017 I've done 17 town halls.", 'Blue Cross Blue Shield ended 2016 open enrollment with 1 million members in the Florida marketplace.', 'Says troops recently received one of the biggest pay raises" ever and that it was the first pay increase in "more than 10 years.', 'Jailing parents was an “unintended consequence" of a 2010 state truancy law she sponsored.', 'A catch and release" immigration policy "is a Democrat rule Sherrod Brown this is a Democrat rule.', 'A bill in Congress will ban all semi-automatic weapons including pistols and shotguns. So yes they are coming to take away our guns.', 'A lot of the wall is built. It’s been very effective. ... El Paso illegal traffic dropped 72 percent then ultimately 95 percent once the wall was up.', 'On conservative mega-donor Richard Uihlein.', 'When Donald Trump Jr. and other Trump campaign officials agreed to meet Natalia Veselnitskaya at Trump Tower in June 2016 “they didn’t know she was a representative of the Russian government."', 'Says Sen. Bill Nelson has aligned himself with communists and dictators " "went to Venezuela to admire Chávez’s revolution" and "supports murderers.', 'Says Jake Tapper said Allahu Akbar was a beautiful phrase" after a terrorist attack in New York."', 'Says the word Dhimmitude" is on page 107 of the health care law and means "Muslims are specifically exempted from the government mandate to purchase insurance.', 'Human trafficking is the third-biggest criminal enterprise in the world.', 'Only 12% of legal immigrants are selected based on skill or based on merit. In countries like Canada Australia and New Zealand and others that number is closer to 60 and even 70 and 75% in some cases.', 'Says former state Sen. Kelli Ward wanted to ban our intelligence agencies from operating in Arizona.', 'I want clean air. I want crystal clean water. And we’ve got it. We’ve got the cleanest country in the planet right now.', 'Forty percent of the guns in this country are sold without any background checks.', 'Says the Dickey Amendment prevents the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention from even researching the relationship between gun violence and public health. ... The government can’t study gun violence but is spending $400 000 analyzing the effects of Swedish massages on rabbits.', 'On participating in a debate for Democratic gubernatorial candidates.', 'Says Donald Trump hired illegal workers from Poland and he had to pay a million dollars or so in a judgment.', 'A Facebook post quotes Sen. Kamala Harris as saying, If elected & you don’t surrender your guns I will sign an executive order & the police will show up at your door.', '“Black Lives Matter THUGS Blocking Emergency Crews From Reaching Hurricane Victims."', 'In the last decade 73% of new jobs (in Wisconsin) have come from Madison.', 'I have not called for impeachment" of President Donald Trump."', 'Claims Sen. Richard Blumenthal misrepresents what Judge [Neil] Gorsuch told him.', 'You’re going to have an increase in the amount of ice in Antarctica because of global warming.', 'X marks the spot at every HCA location where (Gov. Rick Scott) probably defrauded taxpayers.', '“I remind you that this Congress impeached a president for something so far less, having nothing to do with his duties as president of the United States."', 'Claims Democratic Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine wrote a letter very recently asking for more [Syrian refugees] than even Hillary [Clinton] wants.', 'The insurance companies have absolutely taken advantage of this country and our people. And I stopped it by stopping the CSRs.', 'This will be the last time — April — that you’re going to (fill out) that old-fashioned big lots of pages complicated tax form. Because next April you’re going to in many cases (file) one page one card. It’s going to be very very different. Very very different.', 'A University of Texas student pulled out a concealed handgun" on a knife-wielding suspect "and made him back down.', 'California To Register Illegal Aliens To Vote – Automatically.', 'Says Hillary Clinton wants sanctuary cities.', 'Private insurance companies in this country spend between 12 and 18 percent on administration costs. The cost of administering the Medicare program a very popular program that works well for our seniors is 2 percent. We can save approximately $500 billion a year just in administration costs.', 'Says a Texas Senate committee considering private school voucher" legislation randomly called people to testify regardless of when the people submitted requests to testify."', 'Says the Trump Tower meeting in June 2016 was “to get information on an opponent," and was “totally legal and done all the time in politics."', 'The only housing authority in the state that we have actually given money to is NYCHA.', 'We’ve thought for a long time I did that the Obama administration was manipulating the numbers in terms of the number of people in the work force to make the unemployment rate that percentage rate look smaller than it actually was.', 'Claims a 25 percent average increase in premiums on the HealthCare.gov exchanges for 2017 was a “phony number," citing instead increases of “60, 70, 80 percent."', 'On whether the Senate should vote in a timely manner on a Supreme Court nominee.', 'Says his time away from Washington coincides with a long planned renovation" for the White House."', 'Says Chicagoans live in one of the most taxed cities and the most taxed county unfortunately in the country.', 'Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal even going at it with President Obama & then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal', 'Says that 18 children died while in custody of Border Patrol" during the Obama administration."', 'Austin ISD has the highest graduation rate of every major city in Texas.', "Regarding the surgery that saved Jimmy Kimmel's son, Medicaid has stopped providing this kind of service.", 'Dan McCready did admit he opposes middle class tax cuts', 'Says Gerald Daugherty is endorsed by the Austin American-Statesman.', 'Europe and U.S. households waste 15 times more food than a person in Africa.', 'Robert Mueller’s investigative team has 13 hardened Democrats some big Crooked Hillary supporters and Zero Republicans.', "Has Robert Mueller's income and net worth been uncovered?", 'President Trump costs $60 000 a day when he comes down" to Mar-a-Lago and "President Obama spent what was it $97 million in his eight years. ... He went to Africa quite a bit.', 'Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin is still 16 000 manufacturing jobs lower than we were during the recession.', 'Does This Image Show a Mom Snorting Cocaine With Her Baby?', 'Says both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton say Planned Parenthood is terrific and that it should keep taxpayer funding.', 'Hillary Clinton has been given tens of millions of dollars by countries that treat women horribly ... and countries that kill gays.', 'Says sleazy Keith Ellison and shady Dean Phillips both caught up in another sexual harassment scandal" and that Phillips is "charged with ignoring sexual harassment and discrimination at his companies.', 'On average American women only earn 80 cents for every dollar a man earns for doing the same job.', 'Back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism.', 'For the first time in the modern political era we have confirmed a new justice in the first 100 days.', '“The president has made clear, when you have 12, 14, 15 million people in the country illegally, that there has to be a system of priority, and right now, ICE\'s priority is going to make sure that we focus on first and foremost on that."', '3 American women are murdered every day by their husband or boyfriend.', 'Claims Donald Trump said “we should pull out of NATO."', 'Says Hillary Clinton set aside environmental and labor rules to help a South Korean company with a record of violating workers’ rights set up what amounts to a sweatshop in Haiti.', "During his campaign for president, Donald Trump committed to honoring states' rights when it comes to marijuana legalization.", 'Breaking: FBI just raided the White House 6 people thrown out.', 'President Donald Trump’s budget threatened to cut $2 trillion from Social Security Medicare and Medicaid', "The Department of Justice inspector general's report totally exonerates me.", 'As an undocumented immigrant you do have constitutional rights here in the United States.', '“This President has actually repealed 22 federal regulations for every new federal rule put on the books."', '“Charles Schumer Received $500k Donation From Pro-Illegal Alien Group Just Before Vote."', 'Bill Clinton passed a law in 1996 that separated children from adults illegally entering America.', '“And the rich will not be gaining at all with this plan," referring to his tax cut proposal.', '(Fritz) Kaegi managed a fund that invested nearly $30 million in private prisons.', '“We have to break up families" entering the country illegally, because of “bad laws that the Democrats gave us."', 'Says a young Texas rapper charged with capital crimes faces the death penalty but the alleged Santa Fe High School shooter faces prison and then parole after 40 years.', 'A Republican proposal changes Medicare for those under age 55 so that they will participate in the same kind of health plan that members of Congress do.', 'Google search spike suggests many people don’t know why they voted for Brexit.', 'There is a fellow back home with a special-needs child. He’s paid over $40 000 a year for his premiums.', "I've won awards on environmental protection.", 'The unemployment rate is “one of the biggest hoaxes in modern American politics."', 'There’s corruption everywhere in our politics, and it is epitomized during national disasters and emergencies because the left is always working on moving their agenda forward.', 'Says Bill Nelson skipped 45 percent of the hearings on national security.', 'We cut unemployment by more than half" in South Bend Ind."', 'Says Red Cross President and CEO Marsha J. Evans makes $651 957 plus expenses" a year and "only 9 cents of every dollar" donated to the organization goes to helping people in need"', 'The average tax refund is down about $170 compared to last year. Let’s call the President’s tax cut what it is: a middle-class tax hike to line the pockets of already wealthy corporations and the 1%.', 'Water rates in Manila, Philippines, were raised up to 845 percent" when a subsidiary of the World Bank became a partial owner."', "I'm self-funding my own campaign.", 'Just like Hillary Clinton " Russ Feingold had a "run-in with corruption and scandal by using a personal slush fund -- a.k.a. the Feingold Foundation -- while plotting another run for U.S. Senate.', 'We know that there are more than 2 000 MS-13 gang members in Fairfax County alone.', 'The blue-slip courtesy gives senators the opportunity to have a say on nominees from their states. It’s worked for 100 years but Republicans are getting rid of it.', 'Prior to last year where I attended my first meeting it was going down — the amount of money being spent [on defense] by [NATO] countries was going down and down very substantially.', 'Pope Francis: Gun owners ‘can’t call themselves Christian’', 'Former FBI Director James Comey gave a memo to a friend to leak classified information ... in order to get a special counsel against me.', '“The seven countries named in the Executive Order are the same countries previously identified by the Obama administration as sources of terror."', '“Nancy Pelosi to resign" following accusations of sexual harassment.', 'Did the NRA ban guns during a Mike Pence speech at its convention?', 'Where is the [Democratic National Committee] server? I want to know where is the server and what is the server saying?', 'Susan Rice arrested for criminal ‘unmasking’ of Trump officials.', 'Nearly 200 000 Florida voters may not be citizens.', 'Sen. Blumenthal “went around telling war stories" about Vietnam, talked of “people dying left and right, but my platoon marched forward."', 'A quarter of our guns are sold outside of the background checks.', 'FBI crime statistics have found that labeled ‘sanctuary’ cities experience lower rates of all crime types including homicides.', 'Does President Obama want to increase his pension?', 'Delta Force raids Obama stronghold in Thailand.', 'I was appointed U.S. attorney by President Bush on Sept. 10 2001.', 'CAIR recognized that some people did something and that all of us were starting to lose access to our civil liberties.', 'Says Trump administration is ‘raiding money’ from military service member pensions to pay for the border wall.', 'More whites than blacks are victims of deadly police shootings.', 'Muslim judge rules Muslim man can marry 9-year-old girl in Montana.', 'Says Bill Gates tweeted, I think Donald Trump will go down to history as one of the greatest presidents just like Reagan.', 'In the rest of the world there have been 18 school shootings in the last twenty years. In the U.S. there have been 18 school shootings since January 1.', 'The National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion.', 'Says 57% of federal spending goes to the military and just 1% goes to food and agriculture, including food stamps.', '“I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!"', '“The Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases because their system is so slow."', 'Democrats booed families of children murdered by MS13.', 'Police discover meth lab in back room of Alabama Walmart.', 'Most likely the primary control knob (for the earth’s temperature) is the ocean waters and this environment that we live in.', 'Says the 2018 defense authorization bill includes raises for the military for the first time in 10 years.', 'Hillary Clinton said, This planet might be able to support perhaps as many as half of a billion people who could live a sustainable life in relative comfort. Human populations must be greatly diminished and as quickly as possible to limit further environmental damage.', "President Trump is still supported by almost 85 percent of the Republican Party in the state of Ohio and that's from recent polling and still has a 58 percent approval rating in Ohio.", 'Says U.S. Rep. Mimi Walters took $213 000 from insurance interests" and that she supported a plan that "strips protections for people with pre-existing conditions and slaps an age tax on older Californians.', 'Attorney General William Barr lied" to Congress."', 'The Liberal Left also known as the Democrats want to get rid of ICE who do a fantastic job and want Open Borders. Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable! Make America Great Again.', 'In New York City, murders are up.', "Praises Indiana Gov. Mike Pence for state's unemployment rate, job creation, balanced budgets, labor force, and bond rating.", 'KAMALA HARRIS Says Schools in Berkeley Weren’t Integrated When She Was a Kid — But Yearbook Pictures Prove She’s Lying.', 'Says Brett Kavanaugh’s mother presided over foreclosure case against Christine Blasey Ford’s parents, which fueled motivation for sexual assault accusation.', 'U.S. Rep. Carlos Curbelo voted for a health care bill that will let insurance companies charge five times more for people over 50.', 'Over the past eight years black youth unemployment is up.', "In December of 2017 the Prince William board of supervisors had a meeting ... (Corey Stewart) skipped that meeting to go campaign in Alabama for Roy Moore to be a U.S. senator … You haven't disavowed Roy Moore's name yet.", 'Obama simply imposed regulation without proper regard to the cost side of that analysis.', "It's a longstanding policy of the Department of Justice not to comment on conversations that the attorney general has had with the president of the United States.", 'They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some I assume are good people.', 'Jacky Rosen has refused to tell us whether she supports Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton.', 'Viral posts claim that climate change is a made-up catastrophe.', 'Says Bill Nelson is one of America’s most independent senators.', 'Milwaukee has the highest incarceration rate among African-American men in the country.', 'Says Patrick Murphy supports a gun ban on commonly owned semi-automatic firearms used for hunting recreational shooting and self defense.', 'Says Hillary Clinton “wants to go to a single-payer plan" for health care', 'Claimed Vice President Mike Pence said “allowing rape victims to have abortions will lead to women trying to get raped."', 'During the Obama administration 18 children died while in custody of Border Patrol', 'I got a very very small loan from my father many years ago. I built that into a massive empire.', '@AOCPress: We must block Trump from stopping the return of the heroic Alabama mother from ISIS. In many ways she is more of a hero then our veterans. Welcome home sister!', 'Says Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are responsible for leading America into a deal that will arm Iran.', 'A meme claims an anti-America protest photo was taken in Michigan.', 'Says Barcelona terrorist" is cousins with former President Barack Obama."', 'Untaxed corporate earnings used to be $2.5 trillion … I guess it’s $5 trillion now. Whatever it is it’s a lot more. So we have anywhere from 4 (trillion) to 5 or even more trillions of dollars sitting offshore.', 'On voting for a health care bill without an up-to-date Congressional Budget Office score.', '15 000 troops will not see their families for #Thanksgiving because of @realDonaldTrump’s Scaravan Stunt. Oh yeah it’s also costing you 200 million dollars.', 'Obamacare covers 24 million fewer people than it was expected to and the projected price tag has more than doubled at $2 trillion.', '1928 was last time Republicans had the White House the House and the Senate.', 'Claims a conservative news report proved he was “right" in suggesting President Obama supported terrorists.', '“The United States has a low voter turnout rate."', 'My opponent, Rick Gunn, blocked the expansion of Medicaid — costing half a million people health insurance, including at least 23,000 veterans.', 'The United States is the only major country that taxes its own exports.', 'The director of the FBI said that we cannot properly vet people coming from the Middle East.', 'Say David Hogg is a crisis actor.', 'NAFTA allows a lot of trucks from Mexico for example to leave there and ... drive straight through without even being inspected.', 'Over the last two years Congress has provided nearly $1.7 billion to build or replace fencing on the southern border but the Administration has hardly spent any of that money...So far only six percent of those funds have been spent. Six.', 'Says Sen. Bennet votes with Obama 98% of the time. Hardly bipartisan', 'The Obama administration approved the sale of bump fire stocks on at least two occasions.', 'Speaking of the financial crisis that gained traction in 2007, I talked about it to anyone who would listen a crisis is coming.', 'Says his job approval poll numbers are not bad" relative to other presidents at this point in his presidency."', 'The individual mandate provision of the Affordable Care Act was “so unconstitutional."', 'The LGBT community is more often the victims of hate crimes than any other recognized group.', 'Russian natural gas company Gazprom held Europe by the throat -- they were a monopoly and now the U.S. is breaking into that monopoly with our exports of (liquefied natural gas).', 'A meme claims Rep. Nancy Pelosi, Rep. Maxine Waters and Sen. Bernie Sanders had 6 bills passed" over "67 combined years.', 'Did Russia Issue an Arrest Warrant for George Soros Dead or Alive"?"', 'I’ve been on the Armed Services (Committee) for 10 years. No call or meeting w/ Russian ambassador. Ever.', 'What did Joe Manchin say about civility? Today he said he wanted to ‘beat the living crap out of’ his Republican opponent during their debate.', 'I have never lobbied against sanctions personally... to my knowledge Exxon never directly lobbied against sanctions."', 'Says Ted Cruz said, When gays stayed hidden we had no mass shootings; we had no public nudity. Society was polite. Now anything and everything goes and I blame them.', '“In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide .\u2009.\u2009."', 'Claimed as a “fact" that “President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!"', 'Says Barack Obama complained that Democrats continue to ignore blacks except at election time.', 'Hillary Clinton lacks the mental and physical stamina to take on ISIS.', 'Morgue employee cremated by mistake while taking a nap.', 'We have a lot of these people [removable criminal aliens] probably 2 million it could be even 3 million. ... We’re getting them out of our country they’re here illegally.', '“The US has approximately 5% of the world\'s population and 42% of civilian gun ownership."', 'A bill passed by GOP legislators “makes it harder to prosecute people and groups that violate campaign finance laws."', '“According to data direct from the IRS, allowing property tax deductions up to $10,000 — which I fought for and won — will cover nearly every taxpayer in the Third Congressional District."', 'Walmart rewards everyone with $75 coupon to celebrate its 125th Anniversary', '“You have some very tough criminal elements within the caravan. But I will seal off the border before they come into this country, and I’ll bring out our military, not our reserves. I’ll bring out our military."', 'Smallville star confesses she sold children to Rothschilds and Clintons.', 'It\'s four or five states where the number of insurance options have narrowed" under the Affordable Care Act."', 'Says that President Barack Obama said an attack on Syria was going to be a pinprick.', 'Claimed the House Republican health care bill would result in the loss of 1.8 million jobs by 2022.', "This election marks the largest Senate gains for a president's party in a first midterm election since at least President Kennedy's in 1962.", 'Says Richard Cordray’s plan would allow drug dealers to remain on our streets.', 'Says images show migrants on trains and buses heading toward the United States, not walking.', '“It is unbelievable the Trump budget calls for ... $850 billion cut in Medicare."', "Says Hillary Clinton wants to raise taxes on African-American owned businesses to as much as nearly 50 percent more than they're paying now.", 'There are scores of recent migrants inside our borders charged with terrorism. For every case known to the public there are dozens and dozens more.', 'Rep. Marsha Blackburn voted to give members of Congress health care for life.', 'Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich said, If a woman is not intelligent enough to keep her legs closed how can we entrust the abortion decision to her?', 'The vast majority of marketplace enrollees have experienced no average premium hike at all.', 'A gay man who survived #orlando hate crime can STILL show up to work in FL tomorrow and have his boss fire him simply because he is gay.', 'Christine Blasey Ford claims that she called a friend on her cell phone after the ‘attack’ in or around 1982.', 'The Russia investigation was a coup. This was an attempted overthrow of the United States government.', 'President (Ronald) Reagan did a similar thing. George H.W. Bush did a similar order" as former President Barack Obama’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals or DACA."', 'Between the first and second quarters of 2018 — after the tax cuts were enacted — real wages fell by 1.8 percent.', 'Next week we’re opening a big coal mine. You know about that. One in Pennsylvania. ... we’re putting the miners back to work.', "Donald Trump says he'd deport 16 million people.", 'Trade deals are negotiated in secret" and unlike corporate interests politicians never invite "the leaders of the AFL-CIO or steelworkers or the mine workers to come in and sit down in these meetings.', 'Children in dog kennels suicide -- inside Trump’s immigrant concentration camps.', 'We don\'t get any of that information" from the federal government on who refugees are where they come from and how long they are likely to stay."', 'We had legislation on the floor to prevent people that are here illegally from voting. And you saw Democrats vote against that. In essence voting to allow people here illegally to vote in elections.', 'In West Virginia, personal income tax collections (were) up 14% from 2017.', 'Says in comparing mass shootings globally, “France had a higher casualty rate in one year than the entire two administrations of Barack Obama."', 'Says Christine Blasey Ford and her lawyer were photographed with George Soros, Hillary Clinton.', 'Under N.Y. State ‘Assault Weapon’ ban 1 simple cosmetic change pictured here is difference between legal & banned', 'Says investigators have found remains of missing women in steel barrels buried on Bill and Hillary Clinton’s property.', "Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence denies that there's such a thing as evolution.", 'Says Tallahassee is experiencing a five-year low in our crime rate.', 'ISIS is already using the rhetoric from the Trump administration the text of this executive order to incite attacks against us and to recruit more terrorists to their side.', 'By voting in North Dakota you could forfeit your hunting licenses.', 'A meme claims Kurt Russell “speaks out" against the Democrats, and quotes the actor as saying: When do we get to declare them enemies of the state?', 'Muslim Ties to Notre Dame Fire', 'Under Obamacare in Tennessee, half of the state has no insurance company and the other half is gonna lose the insurance company.', '“I was accused by four or five women who got paid a lot of money to make up stories about me."', 'Says President Theodore Roosevelt said To anger a conservative lie to him. To anger a liberal tell him the truth.', 'When I talk to the leaders of other countries – I speak to them all the time - they’re unhappy about 7 or 8 points of growth - GDP', 'Breaking: Mike Huckabee just fired!', 'After the White House fast food dinner, Clemson quarterback Trevor Lawrence said the coastal elite media" trashed it "for not being organic vegan" and that it was "a perfect blue collar party.', 'In the mid 1990s in our state (Florida was) No. 1 in violent crime in America. ... The only concern I had was for the citizens of Florida who were subjected to a violent crime every three minutes and 45 seconds.', 'The Failing @nytimes quotes ‘a senior White House official ’ who doesn’t exist as saying ‘even if the meeting were reinstated holding it on June 12 would be impossible given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed.’ WRONG AGAIN! Use real people not phony sources.', "Says Hillary Clinton's plan would bring in 620 000 refugees in her first term alone with no effective way to screen or vet them. Her plan would cost $400 billion in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs.", 'Says China and Singapore impose the death penalty on drug dealers.', 'Even though men comprise 49% of the population they hold 80% of the lawmaking power in the Legislature (144 of 181 seats).', 'Passing the Senate\'s Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act and the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act would result in “net lower premiums" for health insurance.', 'California’s single-payer healthcare proposal would force seniors off of Medicare.', 'All of our taxpayers are paying roughly 22% of the U.N. budget.', 'A single immigrant can bring in unlimited numbers of distant relatives.', 'Says during the Strickland-Cordray era taxes were raised by $800 million dollars and Ohio lost 400 000 jobs.', 'Claims Russian President Vladimir Putin called him a “genius."', "Says the Department of Homeland Security didn't request any hours of aerial surveillance for the U.S.-Mexico border from the Department of Defense for 2017.", 'Trump Gives $400 000 to Repair Military Cemeteries — Liberal Media Ignores the Story', 'Says the Republican tax plan helps families" like one in which a woman lost her job and then lost her life savings fighting her husband’s cancer."', 'A photo claims to show a sign that says: Congratulations to President Donald Trump on reaching his 10 000th lie!!!!', 'My opponent has no child care plan.', "On Donald Trump’s plan to cut federal funding to sanctuary cities, because of a decision by the Supreme Court no president's in a position to cut off funding across the board. It has to be very specific to the matter at hand.", 'Nobody on Medicaid" will have their benefits taken away."', '“Right now, 92 million Americans are on the sideline outside of the workforce, and they’re not a part of our economy. It’s a silent nation of jobless Americans."', 'The White House removed its climate change web page. And the healthcare civil rights and LGBT sections.', 'Under the Republican tax bill, President Donald Trump and his family would walk off with more than a billion dollars personally.', "The facts behind Elizabeth Warren, her claimed Native American ties and Trump's 'Pocahontas' insult", 'Says Adam Putnam backed a water bill that gutted water quality regulations.', "Then the Republican leader theatrically introduced new bills with stopgap budget language declaring that we could stay until midnight and pass this compromise. Except under our constitution a bill has to be read on 3 different days so that's not possible.", "The only two (Donald Trump tax returns) we have show that he hasn't paid a penny in taxes.", 'Says Hillary Clinton abided by the ethics agreement" between the Clinton Foundation and the Obama administration."', 'The Clinton Foundation took steps that went above and beyond all legal requirements and indeed all standard requirements followed by every other charitable organization.', 'Says Paul Manafort’s sentencing judge, Amy Berman Jackson, conceded that there was absolutely no evidence of any Russian collusion in this case. So that makes two courts. Two courts have ruled no evidence of any collusion with any Russians.', '“Two Iraqis came here to this country, were radicalized, and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre."', 'Andrew Jackson was the last president who actually balanced the federal budget where we had no national debt.', 'There is substantial evidence of voter fraud.', 'Says California Republican Young Kim is a tax cheat" who "illegally claimed a $7 000 annual homestead exemption on a house she wasn’t living in " had "multiple tax liens placed on her" as a result and "owes over $10 000 in unpaid federal income taxes.', '“Kavanaugh might have also misled the Senate by denying any involvement with detainee policies or any knowledge of documents related to a warrantless surveillance program."', 'Donna Brazile knows Seth Rich was murdered by the Clintons', 'Bike lanes and sidewalks have been proven to reduce crashes by up to 38 percent on Austin’s streets.', "Your politicians in Tallahassee today are saying in your area that they don't need any more jobs. That is exactly what Rep. Paul Renner said.", 'Legislators themselves cannot afford to buy housing in California.', 'Says PTA meetings are now being conducted to help parents tell their kids" that if a guy with an AR-15 walks into their classroom "you are supposed to create as much chaos as you possibly can. They want you to scream and yell and dance around and throw books and just keep moving.', 'Says a WHO proposal portrays milk and dairy products as an obstacle to a healthy start in life.', 'New report from DOJ & DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born.', 'Says Bill Nelson voted against requiring Iran to recognize Israel and release American hostages.', 'When two judges said it was illegal to fire a teacher" who viewed pornography at school "Tony Evers worked with Republicans and Democrats and changed the law.', 'Puerto Rico Mayor Facing Fraud Charges Over $3M In Federal Disaster Relief', 'Says a Roman statesman in 42 B.C. had a warning about Trump" when he said 2 000 years ago that a nation "cannot survive treason from within.', 'On maintaining Medicaid expansion in Ohio as part of the Affordable Care Act', "It was Hillary Clinton who left Americans in harm's way in Benghazi and after four Americans fell said What difference at this point does it make?'", 'Mexico is now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world.', 'The census for years and years and years decades has asked ‘Are you a citizen of the United States of America?’', 'The Las Vegas shooting was the 273rd mass shooting" in the United States so far in 2017."', 'Says Adam Putnam opposed bringing troops putting troops on our southern border using the National Guard.', 'Chris Jacobs is a Never Trumper', 'Says Sen. Bernie Sanders lived off welfare before he was elected, never held a 9-5 job" and hasn’t proposed a single bill that passed."', "Michelle Obama: 'Florida Shooting Is Clearly Trump's Fault.'", 'There are only 18 minutes of total action in an average baseball game.', "Actually on some procedures you're more likely to die if you're on Medicaid than if you're uninsured.", 'Half of all immigrant households receive benefits from our social welfare system.', "We're putting our miners back to work like never before. They're going back back back.", 'BREAKING: NFL Fines Pittsburgh Steelers $1m Each For Skipping National Anthem', 'Gov. Mike Pence, Rep. Mike Coffman take the same positions on a number of things ... Coffman and Pence oppose equal rights for LGBT Americans.', 'The forest fires were so grotesque last year that we had the worst air in the world in Washington.', 'Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention ... pathetic.', 'The City of Chicago is often bailed out by taxpayers in the rest of the State such as the $221 million bailout for the CPS (Chicago Public Schools) pension system that was signed into law.', 'Fourth grade reading and math scores first in the nation. Eighth grade reading first. High school AP classes and college education both ranked first in the nation.', "Claims no one, including Ted Cruz or anyone in his family or campaign, ever denied Cruz's father was the man in a photo with Lee Harvey Oswald prior to JFK's assassination.", "If the CBO was right about Obamacare to begin with there'd be 8 million more people on Obamacare today than there actually are. … Sometimes we ask them to do stuff that they're not capable of doing.", "In 2017 the CEO of McDonalds got paid $21.8 million. The median pay for a McDonald's worker that year was $7 000. This is a moral outrage. We need a $15 minimum wage so that no one is paid a poverty wage.", 'Quotes Rep.-elect Ilhan Omar as saying, I think all white men should be put in chains as slaves because they will never submit to Islam.', 'Drug kingpin El Chapo testified that he gave MILLIONS to Pelosi Schiff & Killary.', 'BARACK OBAMA SEPARATED 72 410 CHILDREN FROM THEIR FAMILIES IN 2013 ALONE', 'John McCain has been on every side of immigration" -- specifically the DREAM Act."', 'My Buy America reform passed the Senate with bipartisan support. But when it got to the House the foreign steel companies bought Washington lobbyists to kill it. [House Speaker] Paul Ryan and [Senate Majority Leader] Mitch McConnell gave them what they wanted and American workers were left behind again.', '“Some of the things that she [Megyn Kelly] said I didn\'t say."', 'Says Keanu Reeves gave a speech that began, I cannot be part of a world where men dress their wives as prostitutes by showing everything that should be cherished ...', 'Nicholson Tammy Baldwin cosponsored legislation that wanted to establish the Department of Peace and Nonviolence.', 'We don\'t have any" chess grandmasters in the United States."', 'Farmers are declaring bankruptcy in record numbers" and "the median income for U.S. farm households was -$1 548 in 2018.', 'Quotes Mike Pence as saying that people with pre-existing conditions need more Jesus care " not health care."', 'Rob Portman voted for the bipartisan bill to affirm climate change is real humans significantly contribute to it and it needs to be addressed.', 'Says Scott Walker left college under an ethical cloud for having tried to fix" the election for student body president."', '“Nobody in this country was worse than Bill Clinton with women."', 'The UNC athletic director’s salary was “not at market. Not even close."', "Terrorism and terrorist attacks in the United States and Europe have gotten to a point where it's not even being reported.", 'Says Hillary Clinton said the Veterans Affairs scandal is over-exaggerated." "She said she was satisfied with what was going on.', 'They’re letting people pour into the country so they can go and vote.', 'There is no evidence that Russia succeeded in any alleged attempt to disrupt our democracy or in fact to influence the election results.', '“[W]e have the most productive workers in the world."', 'There is a real law in Texas that says it’s illegal to own more than six dildos.', "Has Brett Kavanaugh 'Stated He'd Overturn' Roe v. Wade?", 'China my understanding is supplies 4 percent of the steel in the U.S.', '“America’s economy is ... the strongest, most durable economy in the world."', 'Melania Trump echoed Hitler’s wife when she said: I hate to see children separated from their parents like this . . . but we can hardly blame Donald.', 'Hillary Clinton “lost as much as $6 billion in taxpayer money while she was running the State Department."', 'Says ExxonMobil fought to kill" a rule requiring oil and mining companies to disclose payments made to foreign governments."', '“I did not [have communications with the Russians] — and I’m not aware of anyone else that did. I don’t believe that it happened."', 'Of all the money we spend on education less than 32 percent goes to teachers.', 'We are seeing poverty being reduced in south St. Pete at a number larger than the national average the state average county or Tampa and Jacksonville.', 'If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!', 'Says homelessness is increasing.', 'Breaking! Terrorist attacks Trumps at Mar A Lago.', 'In New York, Average college debt - $30 000 per student.', 'Says the Florida House of Representatives allocated $24 billion, the greatest investment in education in Florida history!', 'The media never show crowds.', 'Says shoes on the Capitol lawn represent 7,182 students who were killed in U.S. schools since 2012.', 'About 1.1 million people legally enter the U.S. each year as permanent residents -- 65 percent of that is some kind of chain migration; 22 percent is diversity lottery ‘asyling ’ refugees; only about 14 15 percent has anything to do with work.', 'Rick Scott won and he won by a lot.', 'Says Ted Cruz’s father “was with Lee Harvey Oswald prior to Oswald’s being — you know, shot."', "I've gotten rid of the Johnson Amendment … I signed an executive order so that now ... ministers and and preachers and rabbis and whoever it may be they can speak. You know you couldn’t speak politically before now you can.", '“He was only stopped finally because he did not have a silencer on his weapon."', "Says Hillary Clinton's plan would tax many small businesses by almost 50 percent.", 'Every major city which has a center of poverty is run by Democrats. Every major city.', '“This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration — period — both in person and around the globe."', 'It is not federal law for states to report convictions to the NICS system. It’s not federally mandated. That’s the big question.', '“122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield."', 'Pads and tampons (are) still taxed when Viagra and Rogaine are not.', 'We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18 959 495 168. Cost Friday was $603 331 392. There are at least 25 772 342 illegal aliens not the 11 000 000 that have been reported for years in our Country.', 'Claimed the U.S. has “thousands of judges — border judges — thousands and thousands."', "[W]hat we know from the Mueller report through the Barr memo is instructive not so much for what it says but for what it doesn’t say ... no — quote — 'obstructive conduct.'", 'Gavin Newsom was the first to take on the National Rifle Association and win.', 'Says 13 506 Marines have applied for White House duty" since Trump’s inauguration. When Obama was president "no Marines volunteered" but had to be "assigned.', '“You look at our economy. You look at jobs. You look at African American — the lowest in the history of our country, unemployment numbers — the best numbers they’ve ever had."', 'Says Ron Johnson voted to turn Medicare into a voucher program.', "Teacher pay has increased under Republican leadership every year for the past 5 years. In fact, even according to the national teacher's unions own rankings, NC ranked number 2 in the U.S. for fastest rising teacher pay 2016-2017.", 'Our state has fewer science technology engineering and math graduates than any neighboring state.', 'One in four inmates is an illegal immigrant.', '“CAIR was founded after 9/11, because they recognized that some people did something and that all of us were starting to lose access to our civil liberties."', '“If this legislation is passed and millions of people are thrown off of health insurance, not able to get to a doctor when they must, thousands of Americans will die."', "Beto O'Rourke's father-in-law a billionaire real estate developer who bankrolled a Super PAC to buy Beto a congressional seat…", 'Clinton Foundation cargo ship raided at Port of Baltimore" caught smuggling 460 undocumented immigrants."', 'Says Loretta Lynch was part of a stunning collection of calls to violence and murder from the intolerant unhinged leftists in the Democrat party.', 'Wisconsin pays criminal defense lawyers who represent the indigent $40 per hour, the lowest in the country.', 'Says GOP Senate nominee Darryl Glenn said he wants to see Ted Cruz appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court.', 'California lawmakers are planning to push free abortion pills on all students across the state as part of a ‘super progressive’ new policy.', 'In 8 years, no foreign terrorist organization has successfully planned and executed an attack on our homeland.', 'Says caravans of people are coming to cross the Mexico-U.S. border.', "Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. 'Spied on before nomination.' The real story.", 'As part of this emergency response we will announce a new policy to overcome a restrictive 1970s-era rule that prevents states from providing care at certain treatment facilities with more than 16 beds for those suffering from drug addiction.', '“One of the worst cases was the reporting on the U.S. ability to listen to Osama bin Laden\'s satellite phone in the late \'90s. Because of that reporting, he stopped using that phone and the country lost valuable intelligence."', 'Says of products in his clothing line, “They don’t even make this stuff here" in the U.S.', "You've got millions of families paying 40 50 60% of their limited incomes to put a roof over their heads.", 'I was the first member of Congress to contribute to Donald Trump.', 'Says Hillary Clinton said she was under attack (in Bosnia) but the attack turned out to be young girls handing her flowers.', 'Shutdowns are a normal part of the constitutional process " with 12 shutdowns under Democratic House Speaker Tip O’Neill and two during his own speakership."', 'The United States Department of Education has introduced an Islamic indoctrination program for the public schools called ‘Access Islam.’', 'In fact if you add up the net wealth of his cabinet it has more wealth than a third of the American people total -- close to 100 million people.', '“When cities like Philadelphia, Boston, or San Francisco advertise that they have these policies, the criminals take notice. According to a recent study from the University of California Riverside, cities with these policies have more violent crime on average than those that don’t."', "The teachers in (charter) schools don't even have to be certified.", 'Since 2000, Texas has reduced harmful pollutants in the air like nitrogen oxide by 62.5 percent and ozone by 23 percent--a reduction that is 12 percent greater than the national average.', 'California is growing a hell of a lot faster than Texas.', 'OPCW finds NO Chemical Weapons at Damascus research center', '“Mothers and children trapped in poverty in our inner cities … and the crime and the gangs and the drugs that have stolen too many lives and robbed our country of so much unrealized potential. This American carnage stops right here and stops right now."', 'In a first Germany is requesting the removal of the Trump appointed ambassador to Germany.', 'A meme claims the Justice Department dropped" the campaign finance charges against former Democratic Sen. John Edwards."', 'We have spent $7 trillion trillion with a T $7 trillion in the Middle East.', 'Did Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch start a fascism club in high school?', 'Says Republicans rejected a Democratic measure to block suspected terrorists from buying guns who are on the no-fly list.', '“If that proposal goes through, it will empower countries like Russia, like China, like Iran to be able to censor speech on the Internet, your speech."', "You've got thousands of people serving in the military who are transgender.", 'Says Dan McCready wants to repeal tax cuts that saves (sic) you $1 300" per year."', 'Flint still doesn’t have clean water.', 'Fifteen out of the 20 most polluted cities in the world" are in India and China."', 'The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that public school in the United States “will not teach the tenets of Islam or Sharia Law."', '“I did not try to leave the scene of the accident, though driving drunk, which I did, is a terrible mistake for which there is no excuse or justification or defense, and I will not try to provide one."', 'Under the House health care bill, Medicaid spending actually goes up 20 percent over the next 10 years.', 'California has a policy of releasing dangerous criminal illegal aliens back into our communities.', '“TRUMP SENDS IN THE FEDS – Sanctuary City Leaders Arrested"', 'We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive).', 'Says Kevin Cramer wants to cut Social Security and Medicare to pay for tax cuts.', 'We stopped traffic coming through -- 78 percent.', '“[I] came [to Cincinnati] a long time ago. I had a great success with my father. I was a young success... I worked here. I was here. I lived here. I mean, it was great."', 'Ed Gillespie “would not mention (Donald Trump’s) name unless he was condemning him."', 'Pelosi Issues ‘Impeachment’ Announcement.', 'The Obama administration said they were going to be able to drive folks away from one of the most expensive areas for the provision of health care and that is the emergency rooms. In fact they did just the opposite.', 'Says Heidi Heitkamp has never been interested in" regulatory relief "until all of a sudden I become a candidate for the Senate and put pressure on.', 'Says Donald Trump said the U.S. should encourage" Japan to get nuclear weapons."', 'There are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before.', "Farmers' heirs can't pay the [estate] tax so they have to sell the farm.", 'Says a Republican bill pays for school construction with teacher pay raises.', 'Kushner And Wife Ivanka Trump Were Tossed Out Of The White House — And Donald Is Cutting Them Out Of His Will!', 'Claimed “new information" proves he was right" when he tweeted that President Obama illegally wiretapped his phones during the 2016 election."', 'We have over a million (legal immigrants) a year more than at any time in the history of this country. We have the largest percentage of immigrants almost tied now with the historical high as a percentage of immigrants living in this country.', 'Texas prisoner-cannibal requested child for last meal.', 'The United States is 3rd in murders throughout the world. If you remove Chicago Detroit Washington St. Louis and New Orleans the United States is then 189th out of 193 countries in the entire world.', 'When you tally up their representation in Congress and governorships the Democrats almost have their lowest representation in about 100 years.', 'Says President Barack Obama has an Environmental Protection Agency proposal that would raise the price of gasoline by 25 cents a gallon.', 'Claims that “no politicians outside of Bernie Sanders and myself support legalizing marijuana" at the “congressional, gubernatorial, senatorial level."', "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office) ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff.'", 'Barack Obama, Chuck Schumer and Hillary Clinton all voted for" a border wall as senators."', 'Under the House Republican tax plan, in Wisconsin, the median household of four gets about a $2 000 tax cut on average.', 'As of 2014 illegal aliens made up roughly 3.5 percent of our population and committed over 10 percent of all murders.', 'Obamacare is discouraging people from going to medical school and training to be doctors.', 'The 1986 tax reform approved under Ronald Reagan was polling at about 18 percent right before they passed it.', 'Says a photo of a park covered in trash was left behind by environmentalists" after an Earth Day celebration in California."', 'We have tougher standards holding toy gun manufacturers and sellers to account than we do for real guns.', '“The average tax refund is down about $170 compared to last year. Let’s call the President’s tax cut what it is: a middle-class tax hike to line the pockets of already wealthy corporations and the 1%."', 'It’s insane though. .\u2009.\u2009. How would Hillary Clinton not know if a Russian company was getting 20 percent of our uranium supply?"', 'In down-ballot races, we will continue to win even bigger than before!', "Nobody knows about it nobody talks about it but under Obama millions of people have been moved out of this country they've been deported.", 'China’s developing country status in the World Trade Organization means they can tariff and embargo.', "We've seen our deficits cut by two-thirds.", 'Says Kelli Ward called for restraint in fighting terrorism.', 'Senate health-care bill Better Care Reconciliation Act leaves in place the pre-existing-condition rules that drive up the cost of insurance for everyone.', '“Singer Dolly Parton: ‘Trump in one year is already better than 16 years of Bush, Obama put together.’"', 'Called the Diversity Immigrant Visa Program a Chuck Schumer beauty.', 'I have always condemned … any of these white supremacists or bigots or anything like that.', 'House Speaker Nancy Pelosi spent “almost $500 million to renovate her office" during the government shutdown.', 'Since we took office we have been outpacing the nation in job growth.', '“The drinking age, as I noted, was 18, so the seniors were legal, senior year in high school, people were legal to drink."', 'Says the newly released documents underlying the FBI’s surveillance of former campaign adviser Carter Page show the Steele dossier was responsible for starting" Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into links between the Trump campaign and Russia."', 'The FBI documents show that Patrick Kennedy made the request for altering classification as part of a quid pro quo.', 'Florida state senators are pushing a new government program that allows prescription drugs from China without FDA inspection.', 'Says Eric Holder and his group came in and made" the Wisconsin Supreme Court race "highly partisan.', 'FDA-approved synthetic marijuana" leads to deaths in Illinois."', 'Finally I will continue to fight against Republicans like Martina White who like Trump wants to deport all of our hard working immigrant brothers and sisters and white wash America.', 'I never said Russia did not meddle in the election.', 'Korea actually used to be a part of China.', "Do the American Bar Association and Yale Law School Think Brett Kavanaugh Is 'Unfit for the Supreme Court'?", 'In her defeat of Republican Rep. Karen Handel, Democratic challenger Lucy McBath was outspent 5-1.', 'A recent Department of Labor report showed the fewest jobless claims since 1973.', 'Says a poll showed Democrat Beto O’Rourke within 2 percentage points of Republican Sen. Ted Cruz.', 'Claimed Judge Neil Gorsuch\'s record on the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals falls well within the mainstream " because "he’s voted with a majority 99 percent of the time" and "roughly 97 percent" of the cases he has participated in "were decided unanimously.', '“This is pure politics, and the prosecutors can make an indictment read like a scandalous novel if they want to. … My prosecutor and the acting U.S. attorney that issued the court orders to search my house and my office, they just attended a Hillary Clinton fundraiser with another U.S. attorney out of here in San Diego. So, you have three — you have three U.S. attorneys."', 'Donald Trump would engage in a risky scheme to privatize Social Security.', 'The various offices of state government have purchased more than $11 million in vehicles not counting leases for use from the Governor on down during the last two years.', 'Nothing in the law allows insurance companies to not only to kick you off for preexisting conditions or not accept preexisting conditions but we then put in safeguards to make sure that there’s not price discrimination as a result of preexisting conditions.', 'Christine Blasey Ford holds not my president" sign at NYC rally"', 'As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign.', 'a Restaurant Near the Red Hen Threaten to Burn All MAGA Hats', 'Christine Blasey Ford testified that she had “one beer, that’s the only thing I remember about what happened on the night that she was allegedly sexually assaulted."', 'I preside over a city that is experiencing a five-year low in our crime rate.', 'California has seen a 56 percent decline in the gun murder rate" since the 1990s."', 'This young lady is being sold into sexual slavery as a child bride.', 'There are at least 2 million ... criminal aliens now inside of our country" and 300 000 have returned to community."', 'Seventy percent of all Texans are overweight or obese.', 'We have sent thousands and thousands of MS-13 horrible people out of this country or into our prisons.', 'Radical right wing terrorism is on the rise in our great country. And since 2008 terrorist attacks on the U.S. soil carried out by right-wing extremist groups including white supremacists outnumber those by Islamic jihadists by two to one.', 'Thanks to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, Vietnam is drafting and presenting unprecedented labor reforms changing their Constitution to recognize worker organizations in Vietnam for the first time.', 'In Japan, permanent residency is not given to Muslims " the "propagation of Islam" is banned "one cannot import a Koran published in the Arabic language " and "Muslims cannot even rent a house.', 'Said he got 52 percent" support from women during the 2016 presidential election."', 'I watched in Jersey City N.J. where thousands and thousands of people were cheering" as the World Trade Center collapsed."', 'A U.S. attack in Yemen was a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence.', 'We’ve broken by millions" the all-time record for votes in a GOP presidential primary election."', "Brett Kavanaugh's reasoning is far outside the mainstream of legal thought and ... surpasses the views of Justice Scalia who was clearly a pro-gun justice.", 'I’m the first Democrat to ever lead Scott Walker in an election year.', 'Photo shows severe flooding at a Houston airport.', 'Ford is moving all of their small-car production to Mexico.', 'On supporting Mitch McConnell as U.S. Senate majority leader.', 'The FBI was actively investigating Hillary Clinton\'s use of a private email server" on Sept. 2 2016."', 'This is not a joke: the president wants to house illegal aliens on our nation’s military installations.', 'Says U.S. Rep. Kyrsten Sinema voted to cut ICE.', 'Says Donald Trump has outlined policies that read like a Kremlin wish list.', 'The Democrat plan would just obliterate Medicare and terminate Medicare Advantage ... seniors who have been paying for this for years (and) will not be taken care of anymore.', 'Every Floridian should be concerned there may be rampant fraud happening in Palm Beach and Broward Counties.', 'My opponent… was on both the city of Chicago payroll and the state of Illinois payroll simultaneously taking full salary funding her full pension benefits both as a city worker and as a state worker for 10 years.', 'Undocumented immigrants "pay $12 billion a year into Social Security.', 'Says an arms control treaty supported by Barack Obama could give the U.N. some authority to regulate guns.', 'On Barack Obama tapping his phones: I have articles saying it happened.', "You can keep your doctor remember that 28 times. That didn't happen; turned out to be a lie. Hey where are the fact-checkers?", 'https://www.politifact.com/wisconsin/statements/2018/jul/31/matt-flynn/flynns-claims-against-foxconn-fall-short-actual-fr/', 'Claims there’s “nothing out there" about Hillary Clinton’s religion even though “she’s been in the public eye for years and years."', 'Says President Barack Obama never said, No boots on the ground" in Syria."', 'Says Fred Trump was arrested for participating in KKK riot" in 1927."', 'Says the United States has treaties with apparently 69 countries where we are obligated to defend their borders. And these were treaties that were executive treaties not authorized by Congress.', 'The federal tax code includes deductions for birds flying across America.', '“Hillary Clinton gave them 20 percent of our uranium — gave Russia for a big payment."', 'I’m beating (Kelly Ayotte) in the polls by a lot.', 'BREAKING: Trump family donates $1 billion to wall fund.', '“BREAKING: 4 Million Democrat Votes Were Just Declared Fraudulent."', 'Under the Graham-Cassidy health insurance bill, in states like Maine Virginia Florida Missouri there will be billions more dollars to provide health insurance coverage for those in those states who have been passed by by Obamacare.', 'Says Ted Budd voted to gut protections for pre-existing conditions … letting insurance companies deny coverage for (necessary) treatment.', '“NASA Will Pay You $18,000 To Stay In Bed And Smoke Weed For 70 Straight Days."', "There's no such thing as a lone wolf. ... That was a phrase invented by the last administration to make Americans stupid.", 'I am still waiting for someone to produce pieces of the alleged plane" that caused the Twin Towers to collapse."', '“There were 805,000 manufacturing jobs that weren’t just protected or saved, but actually created while President Obama was in office."', 'Obamacare is failing.', 'John F. Kennedy Jr. said, If my dear friend Donald Trump ever decided to sacrifice his fabulous billionaire lifestyle to become president he would be an unstoppable force for ultimate justice that Democrats and Republicans alike would celebrate.', '“Interior deportations under Obama were down 40 percent and at a nine-year low."', 'Thanks to a powerful border wall in El Paso Texas it’s one of America’s safest cities now.', 'The Obama administration had cut $300 million from school safety.', 'There were 50 percent more murders" in Orlando and Orange County Fla. last year "than in all of Sweden.', 'Democrats and their allies (...) are manufacturing voters.', '“The average person is about $3,000 or $4,000 a year worse off today than when President Obama came to office."', 'Claimed that ABC News learned through a freedom of information request that the State Department under Hillary Clinton “directed contracts for the Haitian recovery effort … to friends of the Clintons."', 'Democratic congressional candidate Tom Malinowski supports a full repeal of the 2017 tax law which includes vital tax incentives" for New Jersey communities."', 'Says Hillary Clinton was literally present when we pressed the reset button with Russia just a few months after Russia had invaded Georgia.', "Pope Francis To Followers: 'Koran And Holy Bible Are The Same'", 'Claims Kellyanne Conway said liberal women hate her because of her “striking beauty and intellect"', 'Did the FEC fine Bernie Sanders campaign for taking illegal contributions', '70 percent of Florida is in drought today.', 'In 2011 under Scott Walker, Wisconsin for the first time spent more on our prison system than we did" on the University of Wisconsin System."', 'In 67 different ways Governor McCrory has raised taxes on middle income families.', "Joe Heck voted 10 times to defund Planned Parenthood ... and Heck opposes a woman's right to choose even when her health is at risk.", 'The ice caps were going to melt they were going to be gone by now but now they’re setting records so OK they’re at a record level.', 'When Abraham Lincoln made the Gettysburg Address speech the great speech do you know he was ridiculed? He was ridiculed.', 'Our courts find that 80 percent of those who do file for asylum aren’t qualified for it do not merit that relief.', 'Says Adam Putnam endorsed the Schumer-Obama Gang of Eight immigration amnesty.', 'Says that the George W. Bush administration in 2005 revived a long-standing law when it decided to charge those that crossed the border with criminal violations rather than civil ones.', "In Japan, they take a bowling ball from 20 feet up in the air and they drop it on the hood of the car. And if the hood dents then the car doesn't qualify...It's horrible the way we're treated.", "Since the day of my election we've already cut illegal immigration at the southern border by 61 percent.", 'There are currently 6 million jobs available in this country that are due in part to the skills gap.', 'Says President Donald Trump has signed more laws cutting through federal red tape than any president in American history and has already saved businesses and families up to $18 billion in red tape costs every year.', "Says after Hillary Clinton helped a man accused of raping a 12-year-old, she's seen laughing on two separate occasions laughing at the girl who was raped.", '“Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill — actually goes up."', 'The city of Denver refused ICE’s request to turn over a criminal illegal alien charged with vehicular homicide for killing another driver in a horrific hit-and-run.', '“When Hillary Clinton served in the U.S. Senate for nearly a decade, women in her employ earned ... 72 cents for every dollar men earned."', 'Clinton campaign official arrested by FBI on child rape/trafficking charges', 'Incorrectly asserts that Las Vegas was the most entertaining capital city', 'An undocumented immigrant was arrested on suspicion of arson in (the) Wine Country fires that have killed at least 40 residents.', '“So out of touch, [Tom] Malinowski lobbied for terrorists’ rights."', 'The American Health Care Act will reduce premiums by 10 percent. We would actually bring costs down.', 'The Clinton Foundation is sending water to Houston for $7 a bottle.', 'The Mexican government forces many bad people into our country.', 'One in three people who’s receiving treatment for (opioid) drug problems gets some help from Medicaid to pay for that.', 'Says Donald Trump games the U.S. visa system so he can hire temporary foreign workers at low wages.', '“We flood communities with so many guns that it is easier for a teenager to buy a Glock than get his hands on a computer or even a book."', 'Winston Churchill said, When you’re 20 you care what everyone thinks when you’re 40 you stop caring what everyone thinks when you’re 60 you realize no one was ever thinking about you in the first place.', 'Quotes President Donald Trump as saying, You tell people a lie three times they will believe anything. You tell people what they want to hear play to their fantasies and then you close the deal.', 'Says Barack Obama didn’t do executive orders in the beginning.', 'Aftab Pureval is lying" about his office’s "$400 000 projected deficit.', 'The conservative proposal to replace the Affordable Care Act lowers premiums by giving New York the freedom to end Obamacare’s costly and ridiculous rules.', 'Over the last 40 years this country’s prison population has grown by 500 percent.', 'Since 2011 we have documentation of 1 671 dead bodies we have recovered in Texas many in Brooks County.', 'When Rachel Zenzinger was on the Arvada City Council she voted to spend taxpayer funds for a junket to China.', 'Says he’d register 20% support if pollsters listed him with Clinton and Trump in earlier poll questions.', '“This is the greatest economy that we\'ve had in our history, the best."', 'Did Alabama Rep. Mike Rogers make a racist joke about Rep. Jennifer Gonzalez?', 'Reddit postings show the shooter in Jacksonville, Florida, was part of the anti-Trump resistance.', 'Toomey and Trump will ban abortion and punish women who have them.', 'Kavanaugh accuser’s brother’s firm linked to Fusion GPS.', 'Puerto Rico mayor facing fraud charges over $3M in federal disaster relief', 'There has never been ever before an administration that’s been so open and transparent.', 'You can collude all you want with a foreign government in an election. There\'s no such statute" (that makes collusion a crime)."', '“This administration did not create a policy of separating families at the border."', 'Before NAFTA trade between the US and Mexico was around $50 billion. Now it stands at more than $500 billion.', 'Austin is the safest big city in Texas.', 'In the 2012 election, there were more votes cast than registered voters in St. Lucie County, and Palm Beach County had 141 percent turnout.', 'Vanilla ice cream was black until 1912, when white people couldn’t tolerate eating something that tasted soooooo delicious being black.', 'Under Phil Bredesen, in sexual harassment cases, his administration chose to shred some of the documents so that women’s voices would never be heard.', 'In Washington Congressman Joe Heck supports privatizing (Social Security) turning our savings over to Wall Street and risking it on the stock market.', 'Did the Obama White House hold Islamic prayer five times a day, and provide prayer rugs for Muslim employees and visitors?', 'Because of our tax cuts Apple is investing $350 billion in the United States.', 'After attacking Emma Gonzalez, U.S. Rep. Steve King is facing arrest.', 'Says Tony Thurmond was Reprimanded by the Obama Administration for failing to address widespread sexual harassment and assault in district schools.', 'I never once asked that (Megyn Kelly) be removed" as a debate moderator."', 'Legislators are ramming through a provision that’ll make investigations like #NC09 less transparent.', 'America has more people employed as tax preparers (1.2 million) than as police and firefighters.', 'Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama’s term showing children from the Border in steel cages.', 'Says Hillary Clinton once wanted a wall" on the Mexican border."', 'President Trump Signs Executive Order Stripping NFL Of ‘Non-Profit’ Status', 'When I passed marriage equality I went down in the polls. … When we started with marriage equality the majority of the people in this state were against it. It wasn’t even close.', 'Mike Madigan and Kwame Raoul team up to raise property taxes.', 'The Electoral College is much more advantageous for Democrats.', 'Says 89 members of Congress hold dual citizenship with Israel.', 'Companies are moving back creating job growth the likes of which our country has not seen in a very long time.', 'Says FBI agent Peter Strzok’s hearing confirmed Republican Congressman Jim Jordan’s theory about how the Justice Department got the Steele dossier.', '80% of black men in Atlanta are Homosexuals study says', 'Because of its higher minimum wage, New York State is already showing signs of various companies picking up and leaving.', 'Marco Rubio voted against funding health clinics that provide critical care during this public health emergency (Zika).', 'Says Joe Manchin displayed an unwillingness to change the failed Obamacare.', "Already we're seeing jobs coming back. Since my election ... just today breaking news General Motors announced that they’re adding or keeping 900 jobs right here in Michigan.", 'Says George Papadopoulos was a low level volunteer" with the Trump campaign."', 'A New Hampshire congressman was arrested when caught by Capitol police defacing the presidential limousine with swastikas.', '“You go to a city like Chicago, some of the toughest gun laws in the country are in the city of Chicago and yet they have the worst gun violence."', 'Did David Hogg Give a Nazi Salute?', 'Says Hillary Clinton “accidentally told the truth and said that she wanted to raise taxes on the middle class."', 'Says Donald Trump is canceling funding for Obama’s free house and library.', 'Suggests there is no drought" in California because the state has “plenty of water " and promises "to start opening up the water.', "Trump's electoral fraud tweets and the public's fragile trust in elections", "Donald Trump once called pregnant employees -- and I quote -- 'an inconvenience.'", 'Says HR 1 would legalize" the kind of fraud found in North Carolina"', '“What about that Betsy DeVos? A billionaire who he is picking to head Education who has never seen the inside of a classroom."', 'Trump just gave a $12 billion bailout to farmers hurt by his failed tariffs. This will cost every household in the U.S. $95 … Trump is borrowing the money from China since his tax cuts blew a trillion dollar hole in the deficit.', "Independent analysts found that Trump's tax plan given to the wealthy and big corporations would rack up $30 trillion in debt.", '“The Iraq war began sixteen years ago tomorrow. There is a myth about the war that I have been meaning to set straight for years. After no WMDs were found, the left claimed ‘Bush lied. People died.’ This accusation itself is a lie. It’s time to put it to rest."', '“No, I don’t [know what special counsel Robert Mueller\'s team was complaining about in news reports]. I think — I think — I suspect that they probably wanted more put out, but in my view, I was not interested in putting out summaries or trying to summarize, because I think any summary, regardless of who prepares it, not only runs the risk of, you know, being underinclusive or overinclusive, but also, you know, would trigger a lot of discussion and analysis that really should await everything coming out at once."', 'Says Donald Trump said he believes suicide bombers deserve the death penalty.', "Says Donald Trump's first 17 Cabinet appointments have a net worth of more than a third of America.", "Are the 'Presidential Alerts' Capable of Accessing Your Phone's Mic and Camera?", 'Says Stephen F. Austin and James Bowie promoted slavery.', 'Donald Trump literally has no plans to make higher education more affordable.', 'Says Texas U.S. Rep. John Culberson was caught using campaign cash on collectibles including Civil War memorabilia and fossils.', 'Says the T.R.U.M.P. Act, which would force presidential candidates to release their tax returns to run in North Carolina, has a lot of support – by a majority of North Carolinians and members of both parties.', 'Say first grandma Marian Robinson will get a $160,000 annual pension for life when President Barack Obama leaves office.', 'Says Donald Trump himself contributed $100 000" to the Clinton Foundation."', 'Says a challenge called Momo" is appearing online in apps and children’s programs and threatens kids in an attempt to force them into performing harmful acts."', 'That was the largest audience to witness an inauguration period.', '“I would note that Planned Parenthood opposed three pro-choice justices just because they were nominated by Republican presidents, David Souter, Sandra Day O’Connor and Justice Kennedy. They said the same thing: Women will die."', 'Says Roy Moore has advocated getting the federal government out of health care altogether which means doing away with Medicaid which means doing away with Medicare.', 'Says the Storm Daniels payoff was no campaign finance violation. They funneled through a law firm and the president repaid it.', 'The Democrats’ plan to completely takeover American energy and completely destroy America’s economy through their new $100 trillion Green New Deal.', 'In the first two years and a couple months (as California treasurer) I have saved taxpayers and ratepayers over $5.2 billion.', "Says because of Donald Trump, the IRS decided to stop enforcing the individual mandate that was the underpinning of the ACA. That has resulted in insurance companies all across the country jacking their rates up explicitly because they don't believe that healthy people will buy insurance.", 'I personally am pro-choice. I always have been. And I made no qualms about that when I was elected governor.', "Affordable Care Act 2019 premiums are far lower than they would have been under the previous administration ... because we're managing it very very carefully.", "Muslim Waitress Refuses To Seat 27-Person Church Group Because 'Religious Freedom'", 'Did the Muslim Brotherhood Show Support for Georgia Gubernatorial Candidate Stacey Abrams?', 'Says he won the second debate with Hillary Clinton in a landslide" in "every poll.', 'Says he met a teacher in Dallas who was only in his third year of teaching and already making more than $90 000 a year in salary.', 'Said that living near wind turbines is noisy, enough to make someone “go crazy after a couple of years."', '“The problem that we\'re seeing in Medicaid is more and more doctors just won\'t take Medicaid, because they lose money on Medicaid."', 'Says Beto O’Rourke described police as modern-day Jim Crow.', 'President Barack Obama has now spent three years proving that he kills jobs in energy he kills jobs in manufacturing.', 'Black homeownership just hit the highest level it has ever been in the history of our country.', 'Says President Barack Obama failed to stand up for the bipartisan debt solutions of the Simpson-Bowles Commission.', 'Says Donald Trump wants to undo marriage equality.', 'Says Richard Cordray directed an Ohio commission to permit an armed group to have a rally on the statehouse grounds even taking the extraordinary step of assuming personal responsibility for waiving an insurance requirement in the event of an incident.', 'Was the Recent California Fire Started by Space Lasers?', '“The average American worker today, despite the strong economy, is not getting ahead."', 'For what it would cost the (National) Guard to make just two arrests at the border we could give a homeless veteran permanent housing for an entire year.', 'Homelessness has skyrocketed across California. We have the nation’s highest homelessness rate and the nation’s highest homeless population.', 'Kavanaugh accuser’s husband breaks his silence exposes ‘sick issue’ his wife has.', 'Nancy Pelosi vows Democrats will raise taxes if they take back the House.', 'The NRA is one of the biggest lobbyists here in the capital. They spend a ton of money during elections. … they spent more than a million dollars here in Wisconsin on the 2018 elections. Most of that was for Walker or more specifically against Evers.', 'One out of every five people that the federal government charges with murder is an illegal alien.', 'Claims President Trump “wants to eliminate overtime pay for people."', 'Says over 90 percent of Travis County’s eligible residents have registered to vote.', "Trump's Cabinet is more white and more male than any first Cabinet since President Ronald Reagan’s.", 'Says Manny Pacquiao, Usain Bolt and Princes William and Harry have donated tens of millions of dollars to Hurricane Harvey victims.', 'Says Mitch McConnell is “enthusiastically embracing" Trump’s candidacy.', 'The chances of being killed by a refugee committing a terrorist act is 1 in 3.6 billion.', 'Robert Redford Says: Michelle And Barack Obama Should Get Five Years In Prison.', 'Hostages were released as soon as Ronald Reagan took office because Iran perceived that America was no longer under the command of someone weak.', '“If you look at the data, you will see there was a 65 percent decrease in incarceration of African Americans when you go from the beginning of my term to the end."', 'On taking major actions in a lame-duck session.', "This is longest that the nation has gone without a secretary of the Treasury at least in modern times. If it's not the longest it's darn close to it.", 'A woman died mysteriously after reporting on Robert Mueller destroying text messages.', 'The accuser of Brett Kavanaugh ... the accuser admitted she never met him she never saw him he never touched her talked to her he had nothing to do with her she made up the story.', 'California State Assembly passed a bill that would ban the sale of the Bible.', 'On being onstage campaigning with President Donald Trump', '“13 is the average age kids are first used in the sex trade."', '“Many countries owe us a tremendous amount of money for many years back, where they\'re delinquent, as far as I\'m concerned, because the United States has had to pay for them."', 'The Trump administration’s policy of separating families is the same way Barack Obama did it.', 'Says of the diversity visa lottery program, they give us their worst people they put them in a bin " and "the worst of the worst" are selected."', 'Says Ronald Reagan said immigrants brought with them courage and the values of family work and freedom. Let us pledge to each other that we can make America great again.', 'When we had the attack in Manhattan we opened the stock exchange the next day. People were shocked.', '“[U.S. Customs and Border Protection] has reunited 522 Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) in their custody who were separated from adults as part of the Zero Tolerance initiative. …There is a central database which HHS and DHS can access and update when a parent(s) or minor(s) location information changes….As of June 20th HHS has 2,053 separated minors being cared for in HHS funded facilities."', 'There’s more union jobs growing in Texas which is a right-to-work state than in Illinois and factory workers make more money in Texas than they do in Illinois.', 'Hillary Clinton\'s emails on Anthony Weiner\'s laptop were never reviewed" until after 2016 election."', 'Russia Iran Syria & many others are not happy" about U.S. troops leaving Syria."', 'We’ve cut taxes 75 times cut $7.5 billion worth in taxes and as a result we’ve added over 1.3 million jobs.', 'We have right now … in the state of California 55 percent of all immigrants are on public assistance.', 'Says U.S.-Mexico border has 1 million legal border crossings each and every day.', '“Because when I was a kid, a minimum wage job in America would support a family of three. It would pay a mortgage, keep the utilities on and put food on the table. Today, a minimum-wage job in America will not keep a mama and a baby out of poverty."', "My numbers are better right now than Ronald Reagan's numbers were with Jimmy Carter.", 'So now they take drugs literally and they throw it a hundred pounds of drugs. They throw it over the wall they have catapults but they throw it over the wall and it lands and it hits somebody on the head.', 'The FBI arrested a “Muslim man" for causing the passenger train crash in Washington.', 'Under any objective measure our static compensation has failed to keep pace with economic realities.', "No we [Democrats] don't get much support from Wall Street.", 'I remember landing under sniper fire.', 'Hillary Clinton and the birther movement: Still nothing there', '“FOX NEWS JUST CONFIRMED OBAMA RIGGED ELECTION WITH 4 MILLION ILLEGAL VOTES"', 'We raised more money in January for instance of 2018 than any January in our history.', 'Even in California now they don’t want to be sanctuary cities anymore. They want out.', 'A photo shows Joe Namath and Al Woodall kneeling on the sideline of a football field during the national anthem.', 'Says Arizona, Missouri and Texas residents have a two-pet limit, so the public must surrender their third pet to the Humane Society.', "When you look for a job you can't find it and you give up. You are now considered statistically employed.", 'As a result of Roe vs. Wade, America’s maternal mortality rate dropped dramatically.', 'Says the Austin school district enjoys the highest per-student funding of all large Texas districts" even after forwarding tax revenue to the state."', 'Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime.', '“Seattle police begin gun confiscations: no laws broken, no warrant, no charges."', '“Puerto Rico didn’t get hit by one hurricane, it got hit by two hurricanes. I mean, the second one hit Puerto Rico as a Category 5. I don\'t believe anybody\'s ever seen that happen before, hit, land with that kind of velocity."', 'Says Democrats will never" see President Donald Trump’s tax returns."', 'And I think that his engagement with Congress is something that never happened under President Obama. They were never allowed to debate it. They were never allowed to discuss it. So now Congress is going to be fully engaged on the threats of Iran.', 'The federal government has spent over $150 000 just the Secret Service alone for the privilege of renting Donald Trump golf carts to protect Donald Trump on his rounds.', 'If you don\'t pay income taxes ... you\'ll have more money" under the Republican tax plan."', 'Says law enforcement officials alerted the public to check the caps of bottled water for tampering because someone is injecting poison into them, and that a few people already died in the Richmond area" as a result."', 'Every day four North Carolinians die from a medication or drug overdose.', '“Judge Kavanaugh has written opinions skeptical of our health care law, reproductive rights, and even the contraception coverage requirement."', 'It begins: Florida police now confiscating guns from people with no due process.It begins: Florida police now confiscating guns from people with no due process.', 'Trump: police officers and firefighters make too much money…hits them with tax penalty.', 'There have been zero reported instances of any child born alive after an abortion in Texas.', 'Did Nikki Haley Spend $52,000 on Curtains for her Apartment in New York?', '14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote.', 'Mexico is “now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world."', 'Says Jacky Rosen promised to repeal middle-class tax cut.', 'Trump votes for death penalty for being gay.', 'The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, is “overturned more than any circuit in the country, 79%."', 'Mr. Trump did indeed send his plane ... to transport over 200 Gulf War Marines back home.', 'Canada charges the U.S. a 270% tariff on Dairy Products! They didn’t tell you that did they? Not fair to our farmers!', 'A meme implies that a photo of lawmakers playing solitaire while in session shows members of Congress.', 'Suggests global warming isn\'t necessarily a bad thing" because "humans have most flourished during times of ... warming.', 'Since 1965, California has built six (college) campuses but 23 prisons.', 'Texas spent close to a third of its budget on Medicaid last year a third of all state spending.', 'Says Democratic House candidate Conor Lamb has a weak record" as a prosecutor."', 'Says she voted to stop a new age tax" under which "Arizonans age 50 & over could be charged 5 times more for their health care.', 'ISIS Lays Down Arms After Katy Perry’s Impassioned Plea To ‘Like Just Co-Exist’', 'Says he started" the Pacur plastics manufacturing company he owns."', '“I was the first person who ran for president without the protection of the Voting Rights Act, and I will tell you, it makes a really big difference. And it doesn’t just make a difference in Alabama and Georgia; it made a difference in Wisconsin, where the best studies that have been done said somewhere between 40 [thousand] and 80,000 people were turned away from the polls because of the color of their skin, because of their age, because of whatever excuse could be made up to stop a fellow American citizen from voting."', "The president is sitting on over $1 billion 94 percent of what we sent him last year for border security he hasn't bothered to spend.", 'Since the fourth quarter of last year" the U.S. economy has "added almost 50 000 jobs in the coal sector. In the month of May alone almost 7 000 jobs.', 'Ken Starr’s plane just disappeared on his way to D.C. to testify against Hillary (Clinton).', 'I’m one of two members of Congress out of 535 that takes no corporate cash no political action committee money.', 'Quotes President Jimmy Carter as saying If you don’t want your tax dollars to help the poor then stop saying you want a country based on Christian values because you don’t.', 'Seventy four percent of Californians are absolutely against sanctuary state" policies."', "Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.", 'We have 17 intelligence agencies civilian and military who have all concluded that these espionage attacks these cyberattacks come from the highest levels of the Kremlin and they are designed to influence our election.', 'On allowing abortion in cases of rape or incest, I have never said that or advocated that.', 'For years they have not been able to get tax cuts -- many many years since Reagan.', 'This issue of busing voters in to New Hampshire is widely known by anyone who’s worked in New Hampshire politics. It’s very real it’s very serious.', 'That electoral college we won by a lot.', 'That Donald Trump said in 1998 if he were to run for president he would run as a Republican because They’re the dumbest group of voters in the country. They believe anything on Fox News. I could lie and they’d still eat it up. I bet my numbers would be terrific.', 'CNN to permanently close its doors as ratings plunge 30 percent.', 'Say that the 1986 Challenger Space Shuttle disaster was a hoax and that the crew did not die and are still alive today.', 'There are Justice Department policies against" FBI Director James Comey discussing details of a federal investigation "so close to an election.', 'Under Trump’s new tax plan … 99.8% of Americans" get "not one nickel" in tax cuts."', 'New York has the third lowest rate of gun-caused death in America.', 'Says David Hogg wasn’t at school during the Parkland school shooting.', "That's legal: If you find out about somebody else's salary even if you're doing exactly the same job you can be retaliated against including being fired in most places.", 'Retweeted video text: Muslim migrant beats up Dutch boy on crutches!', 'Says North Korea has agreed to denuclearization.', "Michelle Obama Said ‘White Folks Are What’s Wrong With America'", 'Texas has lost the most law enforcement officers in the line of duty of any state in America.', "It's pretty clear that a president can’t be subpoenaed to a criminal proceeding about him.", '“It is a terrible tax system that was written in ’86. … The headlines write themselves: We tax our corporations at 35 percent, and successful small businesses are taxed as high as 44.6 percent. The average tax rate in the industrialized world for businesses is 22.5 percent."', '“We lost thousands of factories and millions of jobs because of NAFTA — thousands. Think of it: Thousands of factories, millions of jobs. We’re turning it around. Already, Chrysler is coming back with auto plants. Many companies are now in Michigan, Ohio, different places, Pennsylvania. They’re building beautiful, brand-new auto plants. Nobody thought they’d ever see that happen."', 'Federal judge tosses Michael Cohen warrant and all evidence with it.', 'Even if the Paris Agreement were implemented in full with total compliance from all nations it is estimated it would only produce a two-tenths of one degree ... Celsius reduction in global temperature by the year 2100.', 'If Donald Trump would stay home from Mar-a-Lago one weekend it would pay the entire meals on wheels budget for the state of Missouri for almost two years.', 'Says Gary Farmer’s claim that he received an \'A\' from the NRA" is "an absolute lie.', "After 44 years we just got it passed ... veteran's choice. ... I said I have the greatest idea. We're going to do this.", '“Media fell all over themselves criticizing what Donald Trump may have insinuated about @POTUS." But he\'s right.', 'We are last in the nation in startups — 50th.', 'About a third of Wisconsin’s high schools are missing the mark of graduating young adults who are college ready " a "pass rate of 66.6%.', 'President Barack Obama has taken less vacation days than any other president in a generation " while Congress "has taken more vacation days than any other Congress in history.', "The president has a constitutional authority to tell the Justice Department who to investigate who not to investigate. That's what Thomas Jefferson did that's what Lincoln did that's what Roosevelt did. We have precedents that clearly establish that.", 'Many countries (in NATO) owe us a tremendous amount of money for many years back where they’re delinquent as far as I’m concerned because the United States has had to pay for them.', 'Says Donald Trump has the gall to say that prisoners of war like John McCain aren’t heroes.', 'Elizabeth Warren took a bogus DNA test and it showed that she may be 1/1024 far less than the average American.', 'Says Rep. Martha McSally is a #FlipFlopBorderHawk.', 'Legal prescription drugs statistically kill 100 000 people a year (but) there are no documented deaths due to marijuana.', "We put a lid on Iran's nuclear program without firing a single shot.", 'Republican gubernatorial candidate Eric Greitens spent another $600 000 on image consultants" to rebrand his charity The Mission Continues."', '“Trade deficit — $52 billion reduction in the trade deficit for the quarter. .\u2009.\u2009. I think nobody would have thought that would be possible so quickly. $52 billion reduction in the trade deficit for the quarter."', 'He even supports putting a female inmate in shackles during childbirth.', 'ISIS is making millions of dollars a week selling Libyan oil.', 'Says George Soros was arrested in Switzerland for a web of crimes based on information provided by Barack Obama', 'Claimed William Wilberforce in the 18th century realized that there’s a lot of problems with drunkenness related to gin. And so the way he mitigated that was he pushed the sale of beer.', 'Hillary Clinton furious at ‘special gift’ Melania Trump sent her from her hospital bed', 'President Trump has shown a complete unwillingness to stop" Russian interference in U.S. elections."', 'A recent study found that cities where Uber operates have 3.6%-5.6% fewer drunk driving deaths than cities without access to ridesharing.', 'Says Jimmy Carter was the last U.S. president to say flat out those (Israeli) settlements are illegal.', '“3000 people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. When I left the Island, AFTER the storm had hit, they had anywhere from 6 to 18 deaths."', 'There was no movement and I was able to get $600 million approximately off those planes.', '“According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted of terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country."', 'Says HB2 has hurt North Carolina’s economy by one-tenth of 1 percent of our annual GDP.', 'Claims Republican Sen. Pat Toomey supported a “$1,300 tax hike for working families."', 'Man pardoned by Obama three months ago arrested for murder.', 'Did Democrats pass a law separating children and adults at the border?', 'Unlawful presence (in the United States) is not a crime.', 'Says the national heath care reform is a government takeover of health care.', '“Anyone who knows you can just" look it up to “see if you voted."', 'Mitch McConnell ordered the Republican Judiciary Committee Chairman to do away with the long-standing requirement that senators be consulted about circuit court judicial nominees in their home states.', '“There is no question we’ll have to act [on health care]. It’s the No. 1 issue in America. The polls are clear."', 'Says Donald Trump was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. He said back in 2006 ‘Gee I hope it does collapse because then I can go in and buy some and make some money.’', 'Claims Catherine Cortez Masto, Senate candidate in Nevada, put “deadly drunk drivers back on the roads."', "The special counsel's decision to describe the facts of his obstruction investigation without reaching any legal conclusions leaves it to the attorney general to determine whether the conduct described in the report constitutes a crime.", "We're the highest taxed nation in the world.", '‘MAGA bomber’ identified as former CNN employee who donated to heavily to Hillary Clinton.', 'Many presidents don’t get the chance to put a Supreme Court justice on.', 'I was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war (in Iraq) and yes even before the war ever started.', 'Because of Bruce Rauner Illinois went 736 days without a budget delaying funding for schools while local governments were forced to raise property taxes.', 'If you have a family the current minimum wage easily qualifies you for food stamps.', "Elizabeth Warren's DNA test finds Native American ancestry", '“We are $20 trillion in debt. The projected deficit over the next 30 years is over $100 trillion. Maybe as much as $129 trillion. From my standpoint, it’s not time to cut individual tax rates. What it’s time to do is make American businesses competitive globally so our economy can grow. And again, the stat that I just told you about. . . . Revenues increased to the federal government by $1.2 trillion per year even with the meager economic growth we’ve had since 2009."', "Tracking Trump's campaign promises 1 month into office", '“When times are tough, we budget for our families. But when our state’s budget was in crisis, Phil Bredesen supported higher taxes on us: higher gas taxes, sales taxes and more."', 'The press tried to make it 2.9. I said ‘It’s not 2.9.’ What they did is they took odd months. I said ‘No no no. You go from January to December. You don’t take certain months and add them up.’ Because I said ‘We’re going to break 3.’ And we did. We did 3.1. The fake news tried to change it but we caught them.', 'Says the term illegal alien" is "a legal term it’s in statute it’s a federal term.', 'Between 2012 the prior presidential election where we still had the Voting Rights Act and 2016 when my name was on the ballot there were fewer voters registered in Georgia than then there had been those prior four years.', 'Medicare will be $700 billion stronger over the next decade thanks to our growth.', "Out of 67 counties (in Florida) I won 66 which is unprecedented. It's never happened before.", 'Nine million people have lower-cost HIV/AIDS medicine because of the work of the Clinton Foundation and my husband.', 'We’re making (Medicare) stronger. We’re making Social Security stronger.', 'We have record bankruptcies in farming country.', '“For those who don’t believe Obama is a Muslim, the red book is the Quran."', 'Our country has succeeded in reducing greenhouse emissions in previous years.', 'Rep. Dan Donovan voted for Tax Cuts', 'The Coast Guard confiscated 200 tons of contraband heroin and so forth. At the border they collected 20 tons.', 'One in four Americans — or almost one in four Americans between the ages of 25 and 54 aren’t even employed.', 'In San Francisco we were successful in reducing our street population 40 percent. We got 12 000 people off the street.', 'A Homeland Security study "showed 120 murders took place that could have been prevented had communities been working with ICE and Homeland Security.', 'Trump Democrats let him (cop killer Luis Bracamontes) into our country " and "Democrats let him stay.', 'The Dems and their committees are going ‘nuts.’ The Republicans never did this to President Obama.', 'So many of these people that are getting the chickenpox were vaccinated for it. It’s not being spread by the kids who didn’t have the vaccination.', "In Hillary Clinton's tax returns, you saw a lot of income coming from donors to the Clinton Foundation and people who benefitted from her State Department term as well.", 'Says West Virginia is down to around 50 percent of the adult workers who are actually working now because of addiction or conviction.', '“Department of Justice, as you know, initiated the request for inclusion of the citizenship question [in the 2020 Census]."', "Under the previous administration it was … $100 to fill a car. American energy has delivered. Now it's $60. That’s $40 you have in your pocket … that you wouldn’t have.", "Was Brett Kavanaugh's Home Vandalized by a Mob of Protesters?", 'San Diego’s border barrier almost completely ended illegal crossings.', 'This administration and this Congress have been systematically cutting funding to border security since the Democrats took control.', '“One thing that I do have to say is tremendous amounts of wall have already been built."', '“Obama Holdover Accused of Corruption Approved Trump Lawyer Raid."', 'D.A.R.E. removed cannabis from its list of gateway drugs.', '“50 percent" of “Iowans under 65 in David Young’s district have preexisting conditions."', 'Says Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want to shut down shale and shut down natural gas.', '“Trump has made his plans for immigrants and their families clear."', 'After enactment of the Republican tax bill, school teachers can no longer deduct the cost of their classroom supplies on their taxes.', 'Says the manager of a Checkers in Miami Gardens, Fla., killed 10 employees.', 'State government spending is at an all-time high. The state is on track to spend more in this fiscal year — more than $17.9 billion — than at any time in state history.', '“I have just returned from a trip overseas where we concluded nearly $350 billion of military and economic development for the United States, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs."', 'The language that\'s part of the president\'s National Security Council memo is identical to the language" used by President George W. Bush in 2001 and President Barack Obama in 2009."', 'My grandparents were proud immigrants to the United States of America here to Illinois in the late 1800s. My grandparents did not speak English when they were young.', 'In North Carolina paid family leave is more popular than college basketball.', 'Pennsylvania has lost 35 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001 " and "Harrisburg has lost 40 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001.', 'During the top-secret drafting process [of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal] 28 trade advisory committees were formed to whisper in the ear of our trade negotiators.', 'Loopholes in current law prevent ‘Unaccompanied Alien Children’ (UACs) that arrive in the country illegally from being removed.', '70 percent of the income tax that the state collects happens to come from Westchester Nassau Suffolk and New York City', '“You know the murder rate in the United States, I don’t know if you know this because the press never talks about it, is the highest it’s been, think of this, in 45 years."', '“Reforming Medicaid, one of the most broken forms of health care, by block granting it to the states, letting the states actually be innovative and coming up with better ways to run health care for lower income people. … That saved $800 billion. It failed by one vote in the Senate."', 'In the 1980s the state funded 68% of school expenses and now the state’s share is 38%.', 'Wendy Sherman was the architect of the North Korean nuclear deal', "Spicer: 'POTUS Didn’t Misspell ‘Covfefe’ – As Head Of State He Has The Legal Power To Decide How English Is Spelled.'", 'Hillary Clinton lied about why her parents named her Hillary.', 'Three border agents in San Diego were very badly hurt through getting hit with rocks and stones.', 'There’s been a 20 percent increase in young people coming back to Buffalo after a decade where we lost 10 percent of our young people.', 'General Flynn got his clearance from the Obama administration.', 'Says Donald Trump “wants to get rid of the federal minimum wage."', 'Says that since lawmakers acted, we have 130 new businesses across Texas doing helicopter hog hunts.', 'There are about 350 000 people who succeed in crossing our borders illegally each year.', 'Says Apple products are currently 90 percent conflict-free " and "Intel is 100 percent conflict-free.', 'West Virginia’s exports increased for the second year in a row in 2018 reaching $8.1 billion. Additionally West Virginia’s export growth rate was 14.2% nearly double the national average of 7.6%.', 'The Great Recession emerged in large part because of tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy failed to invest in the middle class took their eyes off of Wall Street and created a perfect storm.', 'Since the passage of Proposition 47 by voters in 2014 and the signing of AB 109 in 2011 violent crime has been on the rise in California up 12 percent in 2015 statewide according to the FBI.', 'Says Tom Nelson backed higher taxes on Social Security costing Wisconsin seniors $95 million.', '“The head of U.S. Steel called me the other day, and he said, ‘We’re opening up six major facilities and expanding facilities that have never been expanded.’ They haven’t been opened in many, many years."', 'There are at least twice as many licensed firearm dealers in California as there are McDonald’s.', 'Expanding Medicaid would bring 40 000 jobs to North Carolina.', 'We should have never gone into Iraq. I\'ve said it loud and clear" since 2003."', 'The Benghazi victims were left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed.', "Says there won't be a recount in Alabama because a Democratic judge said we're going to erase all the computer files ... on Wednesday morning.", 'Says climate scientist James Hansen says we have until perhaps 50 years from now " or maybe a little longer "and at that point we are looking at 10 20 30 feet of sea-level rise.', 'As governor Ted Strickland left only 89 cents in Ohio’s rainy day fund.', 'Actress Emma Stone: America made a great choice with Donald Trump.', 'Birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger believed that people like me should be eliminated.', '“Nothing we’ve advocated so far would cause anyone currently on Medicaid to come off of it."', 'We have in fact fired a whole bunch of people who are in charge of these facilities.', 'A recent spending bill had at least $1.6 billion in there ... for schools to give them an opportunity to secure them.', 'Fifty percent of our new" Texas "teachers don’t have college degrees.', 'Sarah Huckabee Sanders dressed up as KKK member on Halloween in 1993.', "Hospitals are closing in rural America because they don't have access to high-speed internet.", 'Says MSNBC called the Florida governor’s race for Andrew Gillum before Election Day.', 'Says the Rothschild family holds about 80 percent of the world’s total wealth" and has the ability to "literally feed clothe and settle every man woman and child on the planet if they wanted to.', 'Says Sen. Richard Blumenthal lied about his service" in Vietnam."', 'Right here (in West Virginia) they are building new houses … so that 321 Syrian Muslims can move down into this neighborhood in two months. … (A funeral home) is to be torn down in two months and a mosque is going to built there.', 'The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee has 2.8 students per faculty" member "tied for second-lowest in its history since 1994.', "Says he is one of America's leading consumer lawyers.", 'Says two of U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi’s daughters were arrested for smuggling drugs.', 'Current immigration policy imposes as much as $300 billion annually in net fiscal costs on U.S. taxpayers.', '(For) white working-class America death rates among white men are up 20 percent.', 'Since 1990 production of metals in the U.S. has held roughly constant but the number of people employed in the industry has fallen steadily.', '“If you look at what’s happened in West Virginia and so many different places, we’re sending clean coal. We’re sending it out to different places — China. A lot of coal ordered in China right now. So a lot of things are changing, and they’re changing very rapidly."', 'Says Sandra Bullock said to Hillary Clinton, If you don’t like our president you can leave and never come back again.', 'Is Sweden Erupting in Civil War?', 'Says President Obama cancelled the National Day of Prayer.', 'ISIS is in 32 countries.', 'Cost of iPhone: $399 - Cost of healthcare for 1 year: $10 345 - Hearing @jasoninthehouse compare the 2 as if they are the same: priceless', 'Look at what’s happening last night in Sweden. Sweden who would believe this? Sweden. They took in large numbers. They’re having problems like they never thought possible.', 'Last month 20 000 migrant children were illegally brought into the United States. ... These children are used as human pawns by vicious coyotes and ruthless gangs.', 'When a bill is sent to the governor’s office there is no option for changing it. You sign it or you don’t sign it. While there was lots of conversation there was really no opportunity for any sort of amending.', 'You can’t (end the separation of families at the border) through an executive order.', '“No administration has accomplished more in the first 90 days."', 'Marc Molinaro has cut taxes his budget now is lower than it was six years ago" in Dutchess County"', 'I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13.', '“Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning."', 'Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation. Good news - it was just reported that there were Zero deaths in 2017 the best and safest year on record!', "We've achieved a historic increase in defense spending to get our troops the support they so richly deserve.", '“Inviting violent criminals to carry concealed weapons doesn’t save lives. Inviting domestic abusers to carry concealed weapons doesn’t save lives. Inviting convicted stalkers to carry concealed weapons doesn’t save lives. Yet the @HouseGOP just voted to do exactly that."', 'In Liberia, a girl is more likely to be married by 18 than to know how to read.', "It's not for the FBI (to investigate) if you look at what Joe Biden said he said ‘They don't do this ’ and he said it very clearly.", 'Bob McDonnell took a fraction of what [Tim] Kaine took" in gifts when they were governors of Virginia."', 'Says deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved millions of jobs.', 'Says Alex Jones said that the victims of the Sandy Hook massacre were child actors and no one was actually killed there.', 'Anybody can buy any weapon any time without much if any regulation. They buy it over the internet. They can buy machine guns.', 'There are places in America that are among the most dangerous in the world. You go to places like Oakland. Or Ferguson. The crime numbers are worse. Seriously.', '“Melania has brought back the Nativity scene to the White House. It was cast aside by the Obamas."', 'Charles Francis vows to slash" parks funding"', "In many places like California the same person votes many times. You probably heard about that. They always like to say 'oh that's a conspiracy theory.' Not a conspiracy theory folks. Millions and millions of people.", "When I withdrew in June of 2008 polls were showing that at least 40 percent of my supporters said oh they weren't going to support Sen. Obama.", 'Bill Gates Outlines 2018 Plan To Depopulate The Planet.', 'Says Russ Feingold formed his own political group to pay himself and his staff millions.', 'Youth unemployment is through the roof.', 'USAID put $8 billion up and attracted more than $45 billion in a public-private partnership called Power Africa.', 'Photos depict members of the migrant caravan burning American flags.', '“As everyone knows, the Medicaid cap per cap was proposed by President Clinton. Now it is seen as this draconian measure."', 'Several elected state officials have opened their homes to children in need of loving families.', 'Cervical cancer in Africa is fully preventable with basic education screening and vaccines.', 'A lot" of Sen. Sherrod Brown’s policies "reflect that interest in Marxism" and a fondness for communism."', 'Hillary Clinton says she wants to ‘raise taxes on the middle class.’', 'In America, more people die from" prescription narcotic painkillers "than from heroin and cocaine combined.', 'The Obama administration the Bush administration all separated families. ... Their rate was less than ours but they absolutely did do this. This is not new.', 'We’ve spent $6 trillion" on the wars in the Middle East."', 'Seven hundred thousand. That’s how many California jobs will be lost thanks to the politicians raising the minimum wage….Now Florida is adding one million jobs not losing them.', '“Now it’s official: FDA announced that vaccines are causing autism."', 'Gov. Wolf is trying to implement a severance tax that would be financed by Pennsylvania’s working class', 'President Trump proposed the increase to $700 billion to our military budget which included the 355-ship Navy which included a military pay increase a modest one which included a yet even more modest housing allowance but yet (Sen. Tim Kaine) even voted against giving more money to our men and women who are in the military service and against our housing allowance.', 'These children are not ‘lost’; their sponsors — who are usually parents or family members and in all cases have been vetted for criminality and ability to provide for them — simply did not respond or could not be reached when this voluntary call was made.', 'BREAKING: Sheriff Joe Arpaio will take over (John) McCain’s seat in the Senate.', 'Says former Sen. Harry Reid got thrown out.', 'Civil war erupts in Sweden as irate Swedes burn nine Muslim refugee centers to the ground', 'Wisconsin’s economy is in the best shape it’s been since 2000.', 'Irrespective of efforts that were made in 2016 by foreign powers it is the universal conclusion of our intelligence communities that none of those efforts had any impact on the outcome of the 2016 election.', 'Today there are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before in the 200-year history of the great state of Indiana.', 'Under President Barack Obama: 4 million jobs lost, unemployment rose from 7.8% to 9.9%, the S&P 500 was 1,115.1 and the GDP went down 2.8%.', 'General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border.', 'Almost every country on Earth sees America as stronger and more respected today than they did eight years ago when I took office.', '“As Republicans try to repeal the Affordable Care Act, they should be reminded every day that 36,000 people will die yearly as a result."', 'Putin issues international arrest warrant for Soros', 'After taking hundreds of thousands of dollars from Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks (Debbie Wasserman Schultz) has voted to prevent the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from regulating payday loans and addressing racial discrimination in car loans.', 'Classified material has a header which says ‘top-secret secret confidential.’ Nothing and I will repeat this and this is verified in the report by the Department of Justice none of the emails sent or received by me had such a header.', 'Says Donald Trump went to Ground Zero two days after the 9/11 attacks with hundreds of workers who he paid out of pocket to help identify victims.', 'A New York man has allegedly infected 240 people with the HIV virus by sleeping with men and women.', 'Attempts to find things like ‘crime ’ ‘criminal activity ’ ‘indictment ’ have been filtered out by Google" in favor of Hillary Clinton."', 'Says Donald Trump’s only economic agenda is imposing massive taxes on the American people with a 40 percent tax hike of a giant tariff.', 'State Department officials actually directed contracts for the Haitian recovery after the earthquake to friends of the Clintons.', 'Half the states in the U.S. have laws that criminalize criticism.', 'The Obama-Clinton war on coal has cost Michigan over 50 000 jobs.', 'Says marijuana is legal in most states in this country.', 'West Virginia has the nation’s lowest workforce participation rate which hovers around 50 percent when the national average is about 63 percent.', 'The state of California is begging us to build walls in certain areas. They don’t tell you that.', "Nancy Pelosi's bill for alcohol on her flights from Washington to San Fran every week? We pay for it. 1000 dollars. On average 52 000 Bucks a year for BOOZE. Tax payer money.", 'Says massive floods" led to Legionnaires’ disease outbreaks at the Quincy Veterans’ Home."', 'Chris Jacobs has been financed by the same men who are now facing charges in one of Western New York’s largest public corruption schemes', 'Is David Hogg a student at Stoneman Douglas High School or a paid crisis actor"?"', 'All pipelines that are coming into this country from now on has to be American steel.', "Says Tammy Baldwin's record includes opposing harsher punishments for criminals who commit violent crimes near schools.", 'Says Maxine Waters told CNN, SCOTUS pick should be illegal immigrant.', 'Nancy Pelosi said, Just because someone is here illegally doesn’t mean they broke any of our laws.', '“We have increased by 42 percent the approval for veterans using the Choice program."', 'I just left Montana and I looked at those trains and they’re loaded up with clean coal — beautiful clean coal.', 'Apple has just announced it plans to invest a total of $350 billion in America and hire another 20 000 workers.', 'Congresswomen Tlaib and Omar Co-sponsor Bill to Recognize Muslim Holidays as Federal Holidays', 'Meme claims Sen. Elizabeth Warren said: If women need to be raped by Muslims to prove our tolerance so be it.', 'Because of #TaxReform 4 million American workers have received raises and bonuses and 90% of Americans are seeing bigger paychecks this month.', '“[Americans are] getting a system that\'s failing and that is collapsing on its own."', 'Quotes Adolf Hitler as saying the best way to control a people is to take a little of their freedom at a time.', 'Democrats are ‘slow walking’ all of my nominations — hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!', 'The poverty rates for African Americans and Hispanic Americans -- it’s been incredible they’ve all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country.', 'Trump signed a bill to clean millions of tons of garbage from world’s oceans.', 'Nevada Democratic Party leaders hijacked the process on the floor" of the state convention "ignoring the regular procedure and ramming through what they wanted to do.', 'There’s a new Netflix show to make little boys into ‘sexy’ little girls.', 'Clint Eastwood said one day we will realize that the Barack Obama presidency was the biggest fraud ever perpetrated on the American people.', 'Says Democratic Senators demand Supreme Court nominee not be unduly influenced by U.S. Constitution.', "President Donald Trump didn't put his hand over his heart at Bush funeral.", 'So far this year more students have been killed in schools than soldiers in combat zones.', 'Says the California flag was supposed to be a pear, not a bear.', 'Every bit of plastic that has ever been created still exists.', 'We’re spending 18 percent of our GDP on healthcare while the average among industrialized countries is closer to 8 percent.', 'Here in Florida despite 14 school shootings in eight years we still have some of the weakest gun laws in the nation.', 'When you look at all the state and local taxes we pay in Wisconsin the wealthiest 1 percent pay the lowest overall tax rate.', 'We lose about $151 billion trading with the EU.', '“We’ve recently seen the numbers of illegal border crossings rise from 40-year lows last April, back to previous levels."', 'We have more illegal immigrants here" than we did five years ago."', 'My daughter has created millions of jobs.', 'Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race.', 'On Senate confirmation of judicial nominees, “the Democrats are holding them up beyond anything -- beyond comprehension, they\'re holding them up."', 'The causation standard in Indiana is exactly the same as it is in Illinois.', 'Claimed Jon Ossoff, a Democratic candidate in Georgia\'s 6th Congressional District, “will raise your taxes."', 'You can see visits to Moscow made during the campaign by (Paul) Manafort and others.', 'It\'s an absolute fact" that China and North Korea "have consistently over many many years" meddled in U.S. elections."', 'Trump approval rating better than Obama and Reagan at same point in their presidencies.', 'Republican leaders are moving quickly to undo some of the powers they granted the governor after the 2010 election, when Scott Walker won and the GOP gained full control of the Legislature.', 'Says there are 2 000 inadmissible migrants arriving every day', 'The Mueller investigation is soon to be $20 000 000.', 'We really have done a great job. We’re actually taking people that are criminals — very very hardened criminals in some cases with a tremendous track record of abuse and problems — and we’re getting them out and that’s what I said I would do.', 'Health care premiums in North Carolina are now among the five highest states in the country', 'Since President Obama came into office another 2 million Hispanics have joined the ranks of those in poverty.', 'Since 2015 the City of Milwaukee has spent more than $22 million on settlements with litigants accusing police of misconduct.', 'The Inland Empire is the second fastest growing region" for jobs in California."', 'After initially agreeing with Republicans on an amount for Zika funding, Democrats derailed it.', 'How many federal rulings have NOW found intentional discrimination by #Txlege since 2011? 6.', "Did Trump Demand Americans 'Stand Up' When He Speaks?", 'Says Rebecca Dallet has talked about her interest in advocating for policies that need to be changed to achieve her political objectives.', '70 million Americans have a criminal record — that’s one in three adults.', 'Household income among Hispanic Americans has just set a new record high.', 'Back when Ted Cruz called Mitch McConnell a liar on the floor of the Senate floor nobody invoked Rule 19 to censor him.', 'Sarah Huckabee Sanders said George Papadopoulos’ guilty plea doesn’t have anything to do with the campaign or the campaign’s activities.', 'Should Democrats get their way every income tax bracket will increase on Jan. 1 2011. Every single one.', 'We’ve done it better than anybody in the world at burning coal clean in a clean fashion. The innovative and technological advances that we’ve seen along with natural gas production and generating electricity it all contributed to a CO2 footprint that’s pre-1994.', 'It costs nearly five times as much in California to build and maintain a mile of road as it does in the rest of the nation.', 'Says Dean Heller broke that promise" to protect expanded Medicaid."', '“Seventy-seven of the top 300 cities with the highest poverty rate" nationwide are in California.', 'Those in the Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals program are mostly-adult illegal aliens.', 'Final election 2016 numbers: Trump won" the popular vote."', 'Says Barack Obama acknowledged over 20 times" that his administration’s Deferred Action for Parents of Americans "immigration edict was a violation of law and the separation of powers.', 'Says Paul Manafort’s alleged crimes were years ago before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign.', "On Mike DeWine's record as attorney general: Opioid deaths have tripled on his watch and there have been cuts to funds for first responders and people in the community fighting the crisis.", 'What I have put forward does not add a penny to the debt.', 'We now have about one-third of New York’s population on Medicaid.', 'Florida drivers who have their cell phones in hand" can be ticketed $250 and sent to "driving school.', 'Says Donald Trump wants to deport our Dreamers.', 'Posts claim Susan Orfanos, the mother of a shooting victim in Thousand Oaks, California, was also interviewed by news outlets after other mass shootings in 2016 and 2017.', '[B]ecause of my policies Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!', 'Says Travis County’s sheriff refuses to enforce 8 USC 1373.', 'We\'ve started building the wall" at the Mexico border."', 'We found that China has been attempting to interfere in our upcoming 2018 election.', "We raised the minimum wage to $15 first in city government. Now working together with people in Albany it's the law of the state.", 'The Great Recession was in large part because of tax policies" of George W. Bush."', 'Last month we saw a 64 percent reduction in illegal immigration on our southern border.', "The mines are starting to open up having a big opening in two weeks Pennsylvania Ohio West Virginia so many places. A big opening of a brand new mine. It's unheard of.", '“Right now one person can launch thousands of nuclear weapons, and that\'s the president. No one can stop him."', 'Lance Armstrong is dead.', 'Says Adam Schiff used taxpayer money to reach a sexual harassment settlement with a 19-year-old male.', "I released the most extensive financial review of anybody in the history of politics. … You don't learn much in a tax return.", 'Did CNN try to script a townhall gun question from Colton Haab?', 'In recent years ... the Obama administration was committed to the notion against all evidence that we could reset relations with Putin.', 'Says Kelli Ward hosted a town hall on chemtrail conspiracy theories" and is open to sponsoring chemtrails legislation."', 'Texas spends more per day to house an inmate than we do on a student.', 'Vietnamese is the third most commonly spoken language in Texas.', 'Says Michael Jordan resigns from the board at Nike-takes ‘Air Jordans’ with him.', '“We’re going to give the American people the freedom to buy health insurance across state lines — the way you buy life insurance, the way you buy car insurance."', 'Democratic North Carolina House candidate Dan McCready took money from the Pelosi crowd " is "with them" in their agenda and "wants to repeal your tax cut.', '“Unfortunately, it will have to be a Republicans-only exercise. But we’re working hard to get there."', 'We have developed a wind industry (in Washington state) from zero to $6 billion in 12 years.', 'The press came out with headlines: ‘Trump throws baby out of arena.’ So dishonest', "EPA administrator Scott Pruitt's short-term rental was about market rate.", 'When Moammar Gadhafi was set to visit the United Nations and no one would let him stay in New York Trump allowed Gadhafi to set up an elaborate tent at his Westchester County (New York) estate.', 'Says if the AHCA replaces Obamacare it will significantly reduce insurance premiums in" North Carolina."', 'Sayfullo Saipov, the Uzbekistan national who was arrested in a terrorist attack in New York City last year, brought a lot of people with him. They say 22 people.', 'It was allowed " referring to her email practices."', 'Claims her proposals would not add a penny to the debt " while Donald Trump\'s tax cuts "add $20 trillion.', 'Thanks to the strong charter school reforms put in place while I was Senate President" the online charter school ECOT "was caught and is out of business.', '“Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the Election. A big reason is bad (terrible) Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers. Canada charges 275% on Dairy. Farmers will WIN!"', 'In the past few weeks " President Donald Trump pointed out "Iranian violations on ballistic missile tests. By the way these ballistic missiles are inscribed in Hebrew ‘Israel must be destroyed.’ ', 'Says the director of an anti-abortion group receiving a Texas grant to provide women’s health services believes HIV can be spread through the sewer system.', '“We guaranteed in language — it was given Four Pinocchios to anyone who claims that preexisting conditions was not covered by the nonpartisan fact check in The Washington Post — it covers preexisting conditions. There is a specific sentence in the legislation to make sure no insurance would be able to deny that."', 'Says Leah Vukmir said: I’m not endorsing Donald Trump.', '“On average, each U.S. military working dog saves the lives of between 150 and 200 servicemen and women over the span of his career."', "It is a myth that Florida's education legislation was negotiated in secret.", 'Study after study have shown that sanctuary cities do not lead to an increase in crime because of the presence of people that are undocumented.', 'Since I came into office … we have increased the VA budget by 85 percent.', 'One hundred and ninety-four countries signed the Paris Agreement to control greenhouse gases. Our own voluntary agreement to accomplish the same goal — the Under2 MOU — has 165 signatories representing a billion people.', 'President Barack Obama repeatedly failed to express America’s solidarity with the Iranian protesters" in 2009."', 'Crime in Germany is way up.', 'Says Hillary Clinton supported and continues to support fracking.', 'Says Hillary Clinton is wrong" to say he mocked a disabled reporter."', 'Red Crescent Says No Evidence of Chemical Attack in Syria’s Douma.', 'In exchange for five minutes with Bill Clinton the government of Qatar was going to give $1 million to the Clinton Foundation.', 'I actually in 2005 ran on Medicare for all.', 'A Destiny Pictures Production', 'California will have the highest gas tax in the nation" once its 12 cent gas tax hike goes into effect."', 'Work requirements have been proven to help impoverished families move from dependency to self-sufficiency.', 'We think there will be $2 trillion of growth. So we think this tax plan will cut down the deficits by a trillion dollars.', 'On a per capita basis Irving-Las Colinas has more Fortune 500 companies than any city in the United States of America.', 'If someone is known or suspected as a terrorist they cannot just walk in and buy a firearm. They have a long waiting period that actually kicks in that the system itself will kick them out.', 'Rep. Trey Gowdy “has been given the highest level of security clearance possible, granted with an executive order from the President himself."', 'Allegiant Air is rewarding everyone with 2 free plane tickets to celebrate April Aviation Week!', 'Massive Bumble Bee recall after 2 employees admit cooking a man and mixing him with a batch of tuna.', '“Trump: ‘Alien Attack Imminent’; Orders Pentagon To Create Military Space Force."', 'The governor [Rick Scott] has now actually taken the unheard of approach of trying to use his own state police to impound voting machines before this election is even over.', 'Candidates for 40 years both parties this is not a partisan statement have released their tax returns. Richard Nixon released his tax returns.', 'A law enforcement officer is more likely to commit a crime than a CWP (concealed weapons permit) holder.', 'The only years that anybody\'s ever seen" of Donald Trump’s tax returns "showed he didn\'t pay any federal income tax.', 'Fact Check: Were Chris Collins and Duncan Hunter Charged Because of Long Running Obama Era Investigations"?"', 'Says Hillary Clinton negotiated the first agreement — ever — where China and India officially committed to reduce their emissions.', 'Donald Trump and Mike Pence want to gamble with your retirement benefits in the stock market', 'Says an Obama-era rule denied gun rights to the elderly who sought help to do their taxes.', 'Democrats on the House Ways and Means Committee weren’t even entitled to bring an expert witness on any aspect of the tax code that affects 100 percent of our economy.', '“The media is fake. .\u2009.\u2009. The media is really the word — I think one of the greatest of all terms I’ve come up with is fake. I guess other people have used it perhaps over the years, but I’ve never noticed it."', 'Christine Blasey Ford Sent Feinstein Same Letter Last Year" About Gorsuch"', 'I’ve given the religious schools in my budget more money than ever before in history.', "Did a ‘White Cop Who Says He Was Taunted for Being Part Black' Receive a $65,000 Settlement?", "Right now we are at 90 percent health insurance covered. That's the highest we've ever been in our country.", 'Says President Barack Obama is absolutely" a Muslim."', 'On leaks and the release of secret information.', 'A rural hospital in Missouri closes every 8 months. The legislature’s failure to expand Medicaid has brought crisis to many of Missouri’s rural health care providers.', 'Says he has more executive experience than the vice president.', 'Says that as of March 2018 compared with 2017, there’s been a more than 200 percent increase in the number of people who are apprehended coming across the border. And I’ll tell you this there’s been a more than 200 percent increase in apprehension of heroin coming across the border.', 'Lisa Page squeals: DNC server was not hacked by Russians.', '“Just last Friday, we had a plant, a groundbreaking in Ashland, Kentucky, the heart of poverty in America in Appalachia. $1.5 billion aluminum rolling mill because of the president’s tax and tariff policy."', 'An estimated 8 million children worldwide live in orphanages or residential institutions. Shockingly 80 percent of these children are not orphans.', "Under Donald Trump's tax plan, the top 0.1 percent of taxpayers -- people earning multiple millions of dollars a year on average -- would get more tax relief than the bottom 60 percent of taxpayers combined.", '“Facebook Picks Sides in Alabama Senate Race=> Shuts Down Gateway Pundit and Breitbart Reports on Discredited Allred Accuser"', 'The FBI said [former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn] wasn’t lying as I understand it and if the Mueller group said he was lying and you know what he has gone through.', 'Says Israel profiles based on ethnicity and does it very successfully.', 'New Bill Would Require Officers to Call Supervisor Before Drawing Weapons.', 'Stacey Abrams posed with a campaign sign that described her as a communist" and part of the "Muslim-Brotherhood', 'Says Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones told players: Stand for the Anthem or you’re off team.', 'Cuba is far more sanctioned than North Korea.', 'Texas actually leads in the number of (Confederate) monuments removed.', '“A black male baby born today, if we do not change the system, stands a 1 in 3 chance ending up in jail."', '19% of WVians rely on SNAP " or food stamps."', 'Collusion is not a crime.', "I made my decision on Kavanaugh before the allegations surfaced and it was all about Kavanaugh's alliance and allegiance to dark money and unlimited political contributions.", 'Some of these drug dealers will kill thousands of people during their lifetime — thousands of people — and destroy many more lives than that…and they’ll get caught and they’ll get 30 days in jail.', 'Claims Hillary Clinton had her emails — 33 000 emails — acid washed ... a very expensive process.', 'Says of Georgia, for four years in a row we are the No. 1 state to do business in.', "I've never met an illegal Canadian.", "Super Bowl L by everybody's estimation is a $500 million economic impact to the state of Florida.", 'Were Four Police Officers Suspended for Alleged White-Power Gesture?', 'The rifle used by Omar Mateen shoots off 700 rounds in a minute.', '“Bruce Ohr of the ‘Justice’ Department (can you believe he is still there) is accused of helping disgraced Christopher Steele ‘find dirt on Trump.’ Ohr’s wife, Nelly, was in on the act big time - worked for Fusion GPS on Fake Dossier."', '“One of them even said: ‘If you take my spot, I’ll get drafted, and I’ll go to Vietnam, and I’ll die.\'"', 'The Pentagon itself says that we could eliminate 20 percent of U.S. bases.', "Break the law to enter college you're expelled and your parents go to jail. Break the law to enter the country free college!", '“I was an opponent of the Iraq War from the beginning -- a major difference between me and my opponent."', 'President Donald Trump has never apologized for his comments on the “Access Hollywood" tape in which he bragged about sexually inappropriate behavior.', 'Trump declares globalist Soros as ‘national security threat’ using Obama’s 2014 executive order.', 'Under ‘Trumpcare ’" domestic violence and sexual assault "could be considered pre-existing conditions.', 'Said Democrats manufactured a death toll of 3,000 for Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico to make him look as bad as possible.', 'Trey Gowdy Ends The Russia Investigation ONCE AND FOR ALL – Do You Support Him?', 'Nobody covered" the remarks of Patricia Smith the mother of a Benghazi victim "live but almost everybody covered Khizir Khan\'s Mr. Khan\'s remarks live.', 'Cited “security concerns" due to the shutdown as a reason to suggest postponing the State of the Union address.', '“BREAKING: American Judge Just Banned Sharia Law In All 50 States."', 'And this would be the first year if everything holds true we (Missouri) will spend over $10 billion of our state budget on Medicaid out of the $28 billion budget.', "The so-called ‘heartbeat’ law outlaws abortion before most women even know that they're pregnant. This is one of the most restrictive anti-abortion laws in our country.", 'Drug dealers kill thousands of people over the course of their lives through drugs. So we’re going to have to get much much tougher in terms of penalty. And if you want to stop it — if you look at certain countries where they have as an example the death penalty and say ‘How’s your drug problem?’ And they will tell you ‘We don’t have much of a drug problem.’', "They were going to build the wall a while ago not so long ago like in '06. And they couldn't get environmental impact statements.", 'Speaker of the House Paul Ryan broke campaign finance laws.', 'Says his budget calls for one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.', 'Claimed Vice President Mike Pence used a private server when he was governor of Indiana" for government business."', '“Every word I said there was true and accurate. No one has disputed a word I said."', 'Only fools or worse are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE and this will be changed.', 'When colleges and universities are added education spending is the biggest item in the state budget — about 52 percent of all state dollars.', "U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez has secured a seat on the House Financial Services Committee but her credit score is 430 and has had two checking accounts closed along with two sheriff's evictions.", "Hillary Clinton in 2013: 'I would like to see people like Donald Trump run for office; they’re honest and can’t be bought.'", 'Gonzales’ losing campaign against me last spring was funded with more than $1 million from supporters and allies of Governor Bruce Rauner.', 'Claimed that 72 people from the seven countries covered by President Donald Trump’s 90-day travel ban “have been implicated in terroristic activity in the United States" since the 9/11 attacks.', 'In 2016 when Hillary Clinton appeared to have a firm lead in the polls — oh just before the election it was President Obama who laughed off any notion that American elections could possibly be tampered with.', 'We are the highest-taxed nation in the world.', 'Says he did not try to leave the scene of the accident" that led to his arrest for driving while intoxicated."', 'People show up in the emergency room with a sprained ankle 25 percent get an opioid prescription.', 'In 2012 you were discussing how you led the effort to defund breast cancer screenings at Planned Parenthood.', 'In 2010 Maxine Waters steered $12 million in TARP funds to her husband’s private bank account. She was indicted but served no time.', 'Says there is a report that showed that should we move to cover more people to a Medicare for All system we could actually save the system trillions over an extended period of time.', 'When the wind stops blowing that’s the end of your electric.', 'Omarosa Exposed: Turns out she was actually working for Hillary', 'Quotes Joe Biden as saying no ordinary American cares about constitutional rights.', 'To be clear all my investments are in a trust that I don’t control.', 'Since the Sandy Hook tragedy more than seven children PER DAY have died from gun violence.', 'In most states, you can buy an assault rifle with no proof of ID, but in every state, you need proof of ID to vote.', 'Says On the Public Service Commission (Kevin Cramer) raised his pay to over $93 650.', "U.S. trade with Canada is not wonderful for us; it's wonderful for them.", '“Data doesn’t lie: Clinton Foundation was ‘slush fund’ while Hillary was a Senator/Secretary/Pres candidate. Trump Foundation helped people in need with 100% to charities, but @realDonaldTrump voluntarily shut his down. Yet who is the sleazy NY AG suing?!"', '194 000 criminal aliens booked into Texas jails from 2011-2019 were charged with more than 299 000 criminal offenses.', 'Protections on pre-existing conditions have been there since the 1970s.', 'BREAKING: Rosa Parks’ Granddaughter SLAMS Racist Democrats, Endorses Trump', "Says he didn't cancel a political rally because after Sept. 11, the New York Stock Exchange was open the following day.", 'Joe Biden said, the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor.', 'Just last year over 5 000 refugees came to New York state and 94 percent settled outside of New York City.', 'Trump Orders to Remove Obama Highway Name and Put This New Highway Name.', 'When they passed Obamacare they put a bailout fund in Obamacare. … We led the effort and wiped out that bailout fund.', 'More people now die in Wisconsin from drug overdoses than car crashes.', 'Says the Human Rights Campaign is secretly funded', 'In public approval, the press is rated right now below that of Congress and that is very low; it’s in the single digits.', "This is a fact text from someone about some stuff and it's pretty long and other things. The insanity of life makes htis even ewowrksfljs lfjslkf sdkjfsfnjdfn jkdnf skdjflsdbflhdsbfhsd bflh sdbf hbflsfs", '“Trump promised to end ‘American carnage.’ Promise delivered."', '“Go look at a Trump product. They’re all made in China."', 'Half the country today has either diabetes or prediabetes.', 'In the state of Indiana I’ve signed more than $3.5 billion in tax relief.', 'Clinton Foundation ordered to cease operations – Chelsea (Clinton) charged with fraud!', 'Says Winston Churchill said, A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.', "California New York and Massachusetts they represent about 20 percent of the population they get close to 36 percent of Obamacare funding. It's just simply inequitable.", 'South Korea is costing us $5 billion a year. And they pay — they were paying about $500 million for $5 billion worth of protection. And we have to do better than that. So they’ve agreed to pay $500 million more.', 'Many of our best and brightest are leaving the medical profession entirely because of Obamacare.', 'Says Hillary Clinton wants to bring in thousands of refugees to America from all around the world without any kind of security screening.', 'Oprah tells Fox News host ‘all white people have to die.’', 'This type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries ... with this kind of frequency.', 'In 1984, Ronald Reagan won every state except one the great state of Wisconsin.', '“World’s most popular candy to be removed from shelves by December 2017."', 'Melania Just Hit Donald Trump With Shocking Announcement He Never Saw Coming', 'Of the 14 wealthy OECD countries with a wealth tax in 1996 10 have since then abandoned it.', '“I believe that NAFTA will create a million jobs in the first five years of its impact."', 'John Kerry is now working on the behalf of foreign terrorist governments.', '“When I decided to just do it, I said to myself, I said, you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story."', 'Fifty-two counties have average taxes of above the SALT $10 000 cap.', '“We do not have a policy of separating families at the border. Period."', 'Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand no longer supports the fight to combat the international delegitimization of Israel.', 'Says Ted Cruz distributed the ad showing a nude Melania Trump on a rug.', '(Mexican immigrants) are more law-abiding than U.S. citizens and that is a statistic.', 'Rescinding the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program will harm our economy.', 'In Congress (Patrick) Morrisey wrote the health care law giving free health care to illegals.', 'Says Robert McNamara tried to stop the Washington Post from publishing the Pentagon Papers.', 'Says former President Barack Obama pardoned a traitor who gave U.S. enemies state secrets he also pardoned a terrorist who killed Americans.', 'NFL players taking a knee during the national anthem is against the law.', 'Says a tweet he sent out wasn’t saying ‘check out a sex tape.’ It was just ‘take a look at" the background of Alicia Machado."', 'Says George Washington said, A free people ought not only be armed and disciplined. But they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them. Which would include their own government.', 'We enacted the biggest tax cuts and reforms in American history.', 'Says border fencing finished near El Paso in 2010 dramatically curtailed illegal crossings, local crime and drug smuggling.', 'Says former President Barack Obama took similar action against Cuban refugees" as President Donald Trump did in his executive order."', 'Wisconsin is the most -- if not Number 1 number 2 -- gerrymandered state in the country" for state legislative boundaries."', 'Of 1 million green cards issued a year, almost none of those green cards are based on job skills or demonstrated economic needs.', "Bruce Ohr's wife, Nellie Ohr, worked for Fusion GPS – which was the firm hired by the Clinton campaign to write the dossier. Bruce Ohr gave the dossier to the FBI. The FBI then used the same dossier to spy on the Trump campaign.", '“So what’s going on with autism? When you look at the tremendous increases, really, it’s such an incredible — it’s like, really a horrible thing to watch, the tremendous amount of increase."', 'Says that in Texas, you can be too gay to adopt" a foster child "who needs a loving home.', 'All of upstate that uses the Thruway is going to be paying for the Tappan Zee Bridge.', 'Announced Charter Communications “has just committed to investing $25 billion and hiring 20 000 U.S. workers citing it as evidence that he is keeping his promise to create jobs."', 'There comes a point in the last year of the president especially in their second term where you stop nominating" both Supreme Court justices and Court of Appeals judges."', 'Comprehensive immigration reform the bill we had back in 2013 ... brought the debt down $158 billion.', 'Getting rid of the filibuster would be the end of the Senate as it was originally devised and created going back to our Founding Fathers.', 'Syrian refugees are being relocated in large numbers to New Mexico.', 'California’s rent control measure Proposition 10 would have No effect on homeowners', 'Says that “instead of taking charge" during the Benghazi attacks, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton “decided to go home and sleep."', 'Unlike California we in Florida welcome driverless cars - no permit required.', '“According to one recent poll, 80 percent of Americans believe that cities that arrest illegal immigrants for a crime should be required to turn them over to immigration authorities."', 'Says Conor Lamb ran on a campaign that said very nice things about me.', 'California’s Prop 60, which would require condom use in adult films, would put workers in the adult film industry at risk for lawsuits and harassment.', 'Through the Clinton Foundation, the Clintons are now worth in excess of $100 million.', 'There has been $5 trillion in debt added over the last four years.', "Says Hillary Clinton gave up 20 percent of America's uranium supply to Russia.", 'Says Snoop Dogg arrested for conspiracy after talking about his ‘murder Trump’ video.', 'North Carolina and Texas have more (redistricting) litigation than the other 48 states combined.', "Says a manufacturing operation in his hometown that made gunstock for Remington rifles closed down we lost those jobs and it's been devastating for my little town.", 'New Jersey police chief says black people ‘have no value’ and should all be executed.', 'Says Patrick Morrisey undertook efforts to put educators in jail.', 'Obamacare has failed.', 'The Department of Education gives every state about 11 cents out of every school dollar that every state spends but it comes with 15 cents’ worth of strings attached.', 'Before Leaving Obama Enacts Rules to Take $3 000 From EVERY American.', 'Fully half the people — our research is showing half the people — in (California) want to leave.', 'Hillary Clinton lied many times to the FBI.', 'Says extras are needed to portray aliens in a Star Wars movie being shot near Rosenberg, Texas.', 'While southern Illinois families struggled " Mike Bost "voted to raise his own pay.', 'Regarding her State Department email practices, my predecessors did the same thing.', 'Says Barack Obama is the first president in modern history not to have a single year of 3 percent growth.', 'Under Gov. (Rick) Scott’s leadership Florida has had much success in lowering the rate of uninsured children.', 'Says about 80% to 90% of people seeking asylum do not have a valid claim.', 'The first Congress passed a law mandating that every able-bodied man must own a musket.', 'Says Marco Rubio opposes immigration reform. Worse Rubio supports Donald Trump. His plan would deport 800 000 children destroying families.', 'Crime has been getting worse since Jerry Brown was elected governor.', 'Tammy Baldwin opposed displaying the flag and reciting the Pledge of Allegiance or singing the National Anthem in our classrooms.', 'Under Trumpcare " the Republican replacement for Obamacare "$600 billion worth of tax breaks will go to the wealthiest in this country.', '“Hiring many thousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country...... ....If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!"', '“The past (Obama) administration was the first administration that never had a whole year of 3 percent growth."', 'Roy Moore fought for pay increases for politicians while courts had to shut down because of lack of funding.', "George W. Bush doubled the debt from $5 trillion to $10 trillion. President Obama doubled the debt from $10 trillion to $20 trillion. Now we're on course to exceed $30 trillion in the next seven years or so.", '“Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that?"', 'Says Hillary Clinton wants to abolish the Second Amendment.', 'If you\'re a terrorist you can\'t fly " but "an assault weapon you can buy.', '“George W. Bush made the agreement about when American troops would leave Iraq, not Barack Obama."', 'All charter schools are not-for-profit.', "Photo shows Joe Biden groping woman's chest.", 'FBI confirms evidence of huge underground Clinton sex network.', 'Says North Carolina banned and criminalized Islamic Sharia Law', 'The new Illinois school funding formula created a tax shelter for the wealthy and a voucher program…', 'Says Joe Manchin refused to commit to Kavanaugh until AFTER the Senate had the votes.', 'The Republicans are proposing to pay for their giant tax cut to the rich by gutting Medicare and Medicaid.', "Says Donald Trump claimed our armed forces are 'a disaster.'", 'Kathy Manning got $30 million of your tax dollars plus $2.3 million a year" to build a luxury hotel and parking lot"', 'Claimed former intelligence director James Clapper said, “Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign."', 'There are no federal or state laws that say prosecutors must seek death sentences. And the United States Supreme Court has banned all state laws that make executions mandatory for murders.', 'Almost 100 000 people left Puerto Rico last year.', 'Because of Obamacare Medicare is going broke.', 'In the past most of the people in this room voted for a wall — but the proper wall never got built. I will get it built.', 'A legal settlement that reined in Chicago police resulted in approximately 236 additional victims killed and over 1 100 additional shootings in 2016 alone.', 'Says Charlie Crist stood there over 3 African-American prisoners in chains on their knees on the side of the road. Saying that it was a great sight. Saying we needed to bring it to Florida. And you did this — whether you know or not — on the eve of Juneteenth the day the African-American community celebrates the end of slavery.', "Barack Obama: I'm 'the First Sitting American President to Come From Kenya.'", 'Says Obama said ordinary men and women are too small-minded to govern their own affairs" and that individuals should "surrender their rights to an all-powerful sovereign.', 'Illegal crossings at our southern border have been cut by over 40 percent.', 'The number of new illegal immigrant families who have crossed the border so far this year already exceeds the entire total from 2015.', 'Says the Trump administration has banned the CDC even using the word ‘transgender.’', 'Did a 20-year-old with an expired ID buy an AR-15 in 5 minutes?', 'We are now very proudly an exporter of energy to the world.', 'Says the New York Times wrote about" Barack Obama wiretapping Donald Trump during the election."', 'Tuition-free public universities and colleges are just a pipe dream. False. They were both free up until the Vietnam War.', 'Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg: “I would not look to the U.S. Constitution."', 'You know what Amazon paid in federal income taxes last year? Zero.', 'In the ‘old days’ if you were president and you had a good economy you were basically immune from criticism.', 'A trade war is something very different (than curbing new trade agreements). We went down that road in the 1930s. It made the Great Depression longer and more painful.', 'Says his GOP primary opponent, Scott Taylor, “violated federal election law 19 times."', 'The Texas unemployment rate is now the lowest it’s been in 40 years & Texas led the nation last month in new job creation.', 'Says Marsha Blackburn at the behest of the pharmaceutical industry co-sponsored a law that weakened DEA enforcement efforts against drug distribution companies that were supplying corrupt doctors and pharmacists who peddled narcotics to the black market.', 'Claims that former FBI Director James Comey illegally “leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media."', 'Are there mushrooms the size of trees?', 'It’s very interesting had we taken the oil you wouldn’t have ISIS because they fuel themselves with the oil. That’s where they got the money.', 'Says Donald Trump cashed in" on Sept. 11 "collecting $150 000 in federal funds intended to help small businesses recover — even though days after the attack Trump said his properties were not affected.', 'Sen. Elizabeth Warren doesn’t have any Indian blood.', 'http://www.wiseye.org/Video-Archive/Event-Detail/evhdid/12142', 'Beto O’Rourke crashed into barriers, causing a collision while driving drunk then fleeing the scene to avoid accountability.', '“Minneapolis Installs Sharia Hotline to Report Americans Who Criticize Islam."', 'Says Ken Paxton shut down the world’s largest human trafficking marketplace.', 'Fact: Over 90 000 kids were detained under Obama. And no one cared.', '“He sort of slammed the table and when Leader [Nancy] Pelosi said she didn’t agree with the wall, he just walked out and said we have nothing to discuss."', 'The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.', 'California is once again the sixth-largest economy in the world. If you add the GDP’s of Washington and Oregon California would surpass the United Kingdom to become the fifth-largest economy in the world.', 'Does Andrew Cuomo want to give Dreamers free college tuition?', 'Says Florida has roughly 1 500 resource officers dealing with about 3 800 schools.', 'Claims that under his plan, a middle-class family with two children will get about a 35 percent tax reduction.', 'Says former FBI Director James Comey admitted to leaking classified information.', 'Let’s Move actually helped bring down America’s obesity rates for our youngest kids for the first time in 30 years.', 'In Wisconsin, 300 000 voters were turned away by the state’s strict voter ID law" in the 2016 presidential election."', '“Just to state this: Justice Kennedy’s son gave a billion dollar loan to Trump when no one would give him a dime, and Justice Kennedy has been ruling in favor of the Trump Administration position for 2 years as the Court decides 5-4 case after 5-4 case."', 'What Trump is alleged to have done is actually no different than what Barack Obama did in April last year when he made it known that he didn’t want Hillary prosecuted.', 'Claimed his policies have reduced the cost of electricity for U.S. businesses.', '“President Trump mentioned the issue of the so-called interference of Russia with the American elections, and I had to reiterate things I said several times, including during our personal contacts, that the Russian state has never interfered and is not going to interfere into internal American affairs, including election process."', "AOC opposes Daylight Savings Time because 'the extra hour of sunlight drastically speeds up climate change.'", 'Says Patrick Murphy’s ‘Pay More’ energy agenda means you could pay another $500 a year for your utility bills!', '83% of Trump tax breaks go to the wealthiest 1%.', 'This is the largest cumulative surplus for the first six months of any fiscal year in state history.', 'Says Republican gubernatorial candidate Adam Laxalt tried to cut a deal with big pharma" in a lawsuit."', 'Says Tennessee Senate candidate Phil Bredesen supports single-payer health care.', 'Claims Hillary Clinton even handed over American uranium rights to the Russians.', 'Newspapers have framed this election as my fight against the Illinois mafia.', 'BREAKING: 60 people just found dead in Ohio', 'Says his parents came to America following Fidel Castro\'s takeover" of Cuba."', 'Claimed most" of Guantanamo Bay detainees released by the Bush administration were done under "court ordered.', 'I’m very proud to say that we’re way down in the people coming across the border.', 'Farmer suicide rates are as high as they have been since the Great Depression.', '“I recently signed legislation that includes more than $2 billion to improve school safety, including the funding for training, and metal detectors, and security and mental health."', 'Ivanka Trump Is Finally Being FIRED From The White House.', 'I have 2 and a half million more votes than he (Sanders) does.', '“If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!"', 'A trip to Mar-a-Lago costs taxpayers approximately $3.6 million according to a Government Accountability Office report.', 'Says Ron DeSantis has not revealed $145,000 in receipts of public taxpayer money.', 'Too often now these people and their families have been forced onto waiting lists while money has poured into the expansion population.', 'NC Republicans “raided $58 million that was supposed to help create jobs for North Carolinians."', 'Intensifying Hurricane Willa headed directly toward 10 000 migrant caravan path.', 'At a 2015 dedication of an FBI building in Florida, Rep. Frederica Wilson stood up there ... and talked about how she was instrumental in getting the funding for that building and how she took care of her constituents because she got the money and she just called up President Obama and on that phone call he gave the money -- the $20 million -- to build the building. And she sat down.', 'A provision in the first bill passed in by House Democrats would “allow the billions of dollars of aid we send to other countries to be used for abortions."', 'Archbishop Desmond Tutu dies while holidaying in Texas', '“HUGE LEGAL NEWS: SCOTUS Rules Trump Can Build The Wall WITHOUT Congress."', "After legalizing marijuana in Colorado, we haven't seen a spike in consumption.", 'Thanks to the immigrants who illegally cross the U.S. Mexican border and the Democrats who refuse to stop them the Measles virus has been declared a public health emergency in 2019.', 'Hillary Clinton leaves the country as Mueller indictment is announced.', 'Trump’s claim that ‘they just kept cutting, cutting, cutting the military’ until it was ‘depleted’', 'Quotes incoming U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez as saying under capitalism man oppresses man. Under socialism it’s the other way around.', 'Quotes Mark Twain as saying of journalists that it is far better" to "fear the media for they will steal your honor" and describes them as "a horde of ignorant self-complacent simpletons…', 'The United States Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit is the most overturned court in the country.', 'Says Iran is  taking over the oil" in Iraq."', 'Claims Christians have “been horribly treated" by the refugee program and that it has been “almost impossible" for Syrian Christians to resettle in the U.S.', 'Black Men Arrested In Philadelphia Starbucks Settle For $2 Million', "I greatly appreciate the fact that they've been able to cut our payroll for the United States. We'll save a lot of money.", 'Says Gov. Rick Scott cut nearly $1 million from mosquito control and closed down the state’s mosquito research lab a few years ago.', 'The media don’t report that 38 states submit less than 80 percent of their felony convictions to the system leaving more than 7 million felony convictions in the dark.', 'If Trump had just put his father’s money in a mutual fund ... he’d have $8 billion.', "The number of individuals who actually got coverage through the exchange who didn't have coverage before or who weren't eligible for Medicaid before is relatively small. So we've turned things upside down completely for 3 million or 4 million or 5 million individuals.", 'Says comprehensive immigration reform will add $700 billion to our economy.', 'The exodus of citizens from New York State has been growing.', 'Emboldened by election Texas Republicans kill Medicaid funding for kids with disabilities.', 'Tens of billions of dollars (from taxpayer-funded bailouts) ... flowed straight through AIG into the coffers of foreign corporations and foreign banks.', 'Graham-Cassidy kicks 30 million Americans off insurance', 'Says CNN host Fareed Zakaria calls for jihad rape of white women.', 'But while Martha [McSally] was bravely fighting the Taliban Kyrsten Sinema said she had no problems with Americans defecting from our country to join the Taliban.', 'During the George W. Bush period there were 13 attacks on various embassies and consulates around the world. Sixty people died.', 'Your family" will pay $2 500 "after Kara Eastman eliminates your tax cut.', 'Democrat Maxine Waters has shown up to only 10 percent of congressional meetings for 35 years.', 'Says that Andrew Gillum said, Police and prisons have no place in justice.', 'In Florida 70 percent of the people here illegally came on an airplane. They overstayed a visa.', 'Obamacare has led to fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans.', 'General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!', "Under Donald Trump's tax plan, 51 percent of single parents would see their taxes go up.", 'At the end of 2016 there were 23 percent fewer federal prosecutions than in 2011 so (prosecutors) looked at this scourge (opioid deaths) and they let it go by.', 'Teachers spend $1.6 BILLION per year on school supplies. The Republican tax bill ELIMINATES their ability to deduct those expenses.', '“The president is cutting the CDC budget by 80%."', 'Other than national security agencies NASA received the most favorable budget request from the Trump administration.', 'In my first term we negotiated the START II Treaty and that has substantially reduced our nuclear stockpiles both Russia and the United States.', 'Sen. John McCain has not done a good job for the vets.', 'There are approximately 18 000 (police) departments in the United States"', 'Global poverty is down to less than 10% today from 37% in 1990.', 'Now all Americans will be microchipped on the will of police.', 'Claims Democratic Senate candidate Katie McGinty “gave millions in grants to her husband’s company" when she worked for the state, and that the couple “pocketed thousands."', 'Top CEOs (are) making 300 times the average worker.', 'Californians are overwhelmingly against this concept of the illegal sanctuary state.', 'More than 72 percent of children in the African-American community are born out of wedlock.', '“NASA ADMITS To Spraying Americans With Lithium & Other Chemicals"', "I've got five years of experience as a national security staffer in the U.S. Congress.", '[Hillary Clinton] said she turned over all of her work-related emails. But the FBI found thousands she never turned over and now just recently found another 15 000 more.', 'New York state law says you are alive when you begin to breathe.', 'Texas has 600 000 registered voters who don’t have the kind of photo ID needed to vote.', 'Somebody observed this week that you have to go back to the very founding of the government to the first administration of George Washington to find a time when it’s taken longer to put a Cabinet in place.', 'The Brady Campaign has given me a 100 percent not 99 100 percent rating.', 'Prop 56 cheats schools out of at least $600 million.', 'Meme claims John McCain received a pardon from President Richard Nixon.', 'Says border patrol agent recently killed in ambush.', 'Social Security and Medicare are a Ponzi scheme.', "It's very standard where they have information and you take the information.", 'The national anthem must be played prior to every NFL game and all players must be on the sideline for the National Anthem " standing facing the flag helmets in left hands."', 'We went from zero A elementary schools when I took office to 16 when I left and our total A and B schools went up by 260 percent.', 'Barack Obama arrested in a Japanese drug bust.', 'John Faso took money from fossil fuel companies as they tried to take your land by eminent domain for a fracked gas pipeline.', 'I voted to defund sanctuary cities.', 'Asking FBI to drop an investigation is obstruction of justice.', 'People can use food stamps for anything " including "to go to Hawaii " and even millionaires can qualify."', '“Monica Peterson went to the country of Haiti to investigate links between the Clinton Foundation and human trafficking."', 'You can’t read that (the impaneling of a grand jury necessarily) means that indictments are going to follow.', "It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants adding 2000 jobs.", 'Says Scott Walker has turned down $1 billion of Medicaid money over the course of his tenure.', 'The Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks Record fastest 1000 point move in history.', 'Abortion in the U.S. is at an all time legal low.', 'Says his father, Fred Trump, was born in a very wonderful place in Germany.', 'Bob Hall never successfully passed a bill.', 'The GOP’s health bill will protect people with pre-existing conditions every bit as well as Obamacare did.', "We're flying 1987 planes with 1987 technology.", 'I believe the Schumer political operation was behind this from the very beginning. We learned last week that a woman named Monica McLean was Ms. Ford’s roommate and she was one of the so-called beach friends who encouraged Ms. Ford to go to Dianne Feinstein and the partisan Democrats on the Judiciary Committee. Well it just turns out it just so happens that Monica McLean worked for a Preet Bharara the former U.S. attorney in Manhattan now a virulent anti-Trump critic on television and former counsel to Chuck Schumer. So I strongly suspect that Chuck Schumer’s political operation knew about Ms. Ford’s allegations as far back as July and manipulated the process all along to include taking advantage of Ms. Ford’s confidences.', 'It’s time that a president stepped up" to address gun violence. "And I’m talking Democrat and Republican presidents. They have not stepped up.', 'The state with the highest per capita number of guns used in New York crimes is Vermont.', 'Says Andrew Gillum has a far left socialist platform.', 'Schools in Austin Independent School District are teaching children as young as 4 years old that their gender is fluid – that they’re not a boy or a girl and they can choose whichever gender they want.', 'Under Scott Walker, average wages when adjusted for inflation are lower today than they were under Jim Doyle.', '5.7 million -- that’s how many illegal immigrants might have voted" in 2008."', "In other states (where illegal immigrants have been allowed to get driver's licenses) their insurance premiums for everybody have gone down.", 'We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico. Completed on January 30, 2019 — 47 days ahead of schedule!', 'New York state spends more than $8 billion in taxpayer money each year on job-creation programs - more than the combined total of the next three largest states', 'Says Sasha Obama’s racist anti-white rant just got her expelled.', "Says Hillary Clinton went toe-to-toe with Russia as secretary of state to do the New START agreement to reduce Russia's nuclear stockpile.", '“The Enhanced Interrogation Program saved lives, prevented attacks, & produced intel that led to Osama bin Laden. The techniques were the same as those used on our own people in the SERE program."', 'Retweets a story about a study that says the proposed wall on the southern border will pay for itself.', 'What does Trumpcare do? Yank tax credits away from veterans unlike any other American.', 'Says Donald Trump started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans.', 'Says Donald Trump\'s claim that there was insufficient evidence and therefore in our country a person is innocent" directly contradicts Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s statement."', 'Small businesses in West Virginia make up 99 percent of the total number of businesses in the state" and employ "nearly 50 percent of the state’s workforce.', '39% of All California Students are illegals.', 'Democrats are cutting our school funding. Four times in the last 10 years before we came into office.', 'Says Scott Walker\'s listening sessions" are "invite-only and excluding the press.', 'Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now.', 'Says in 2012 Obama won in every state that did not require a photo ID and lost in every state that did require a photo ID in order to vote.', '“You saw trade deficits went down last month and everyone’s trying to figure out why. Well, we’re taking a lot of tariff money. And it has reduced the trade deficit."', 'Says billionaire George Soros bankrolls" Minnesota Democrat Dan Feehan who is "employed by a Soros-funded liberal outfit in D.C." and his campaign is "propped up by out of state super PACs backed by Soros\' millions.', 'We admit about 100 000 permanent immigrants from the Middle East every year.', 'Roy Moore denies it. And by the way he gives a total denial.', 'Whoopi Goldberg humiliated handcuffed and dragged out of the TV studio.', 'The 1994 crime bill did not generate mass incarceration.', 'Trump has worked with Congress to pass more legislation in his first 100 days than any president since Truman.', 'They’ve [Palestinians] gotten more aid than any group of people in history.', 'Rosa Parks’ daughter praises (President Donald) Trump’s response to Charlottesville.', 'Says Donald Trump said at the Republican convention “I alone can fix it."', 'Application for ‘March For Our Lives’ permit was made months before Parkland school shooting', 'Says he’s a retired U.S. Navy officer.', 'Perhaps an incident without precedent in the long and prestigious history of Air Force One.', "Did an Astronaut's DNA Change in Space So It No Longer Matched His Twin's?", 'Nancy Pelosi called $1,000 bonuses some workers received crumbs.', 'Americans would run out of avocados in three weeks" if imports from Mexico were stopped due to a border closure."', 'It is more difficult to obtain a Costco membership than it is to get a NYC Municipal ID', '“My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before."', 'Trump tax cut benefits all congressional districts up to $44 697 per family.', 'Credited his America First energy policy" for Sempra Energy\'s Cameron LNG export terminal."', 'Sen. Rubio has the worst vote attendance record of any Florida senator in nearly 50 years.', 'There’s bipartisan consensus that (Matthew Whitaker’s) appointment violates the Appointments Clause of the Constitution.', 'Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger said Slav Latin and Hebrew immigrants are human weeds . . . a deadweight of human waste. Blacks soldiers and Jews are a menace to race.', 'LAPD ignored an ICE detainer request and released a Mexican national arrested on a drug charge. Just a few weeks later he was arrested again this time for murder. They let him go and he killed somebody.', 'Prince Harry says Donald Trump is not welcome at his wedding: ‘Trump is a serious threat to human rights.’', 'The market is making this decision. The market has driven down the cost of coal so you have companies going bankrupt.', '“Death penalty opponents like Roy Cooper and Josh Stein have imposed a de-facto moratorium on capital punishment."', 'Says Jim Sensenbrenner has been in office for 40 years" and "he\'s led on exactly one bill " the Patriot Act."', "Tampa man loses testicles after trying to 'fill scuba tank with weed smoke.'", 'Says Obama “called Kagan a moderate. He called Sotomayor a moderate."', 'We had the best jobs report in 16 years.', 'Said the Obama administration “had a great opportunity to solve" the crisis in Syria when President Obama set a “red line" for military intervention, and failing to follow through set us back a long ways.', '“We’ve cut more regulations than any president in history — by far, it’s not even a contest."', 'It’s been proven over and over again Medicaid has the worst outcomes in the industrialized world as far as the quality of health care.', 'Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50 000 new jobs.', 'Says Maine Democrat Jared Golden supports using your Social Security to fund other government programs.', 'The mosquito population in South Florida is larger than it is in many other communities in the country.', 'New regulation requires motorcycle owners to install 75 MPH governor by January 2017', 'Says Sen. Richard Blumenthal said he served in Vietnam in Da Nang Province. Soldiers dying left and right as we battled up the hill." And "then he cried when (the press) caught him.', 'Prescription drugs are nearly 20 percent of our health care costs now when you include hospital prescription drugs.', 'October 2013 Obama shut down the government for 16 days to force Obamacare.', 'Claims to be endorsed by the Democratic Party.', "Were Fox's London Offices 'Just Raided'", 'On filibusters for U.S. Supreme Court nominees.', 'Says Hillary Clinton started the \'birther\' movement" against Barack Obama in 2008."', 'The White House staff risks violating federal ethics rules if they participate in Donald Trump’s fake news awards.', 'Half of illegal immigrants come on legal visas and then overstay.', 'Mark Kirk’s claim of national security expertise is based on his military record which he lied about at least 10 times.', 'Does a Photo Show Hillary Clinton With Dr. Ford’s Lawyer', 'Despite what some may try to tell you … Education Freedom Scholarships are privately funded and do not take any money from public schools.', 'Judge Brett Kavanaugh argued that presidents should be above the law and granted a free pass from criminal investigation while in office.', '“This was a strike that was well-planned, well- executed, went right to the heart of the matter, which is using chemical weapons."', "Wisconsin lost over 600 farms last year & our farmers can't afford the #TrumpShutdown.", "I've cut the budget of the (lieutenant governor’s) office by more than half.", '“The median pay for a McDonald’s worker was $7,000 in 2017. And that is the pay gap between the CEO that’s making 21.8 [million] to the 7,000 [dollars] that a worker who has put in 40 hours [a week] gets paid."', 'Says Russ Feingold got paid $8 000 a lecture at Stanford University.', 'Says Hillary Clinton wants illegal immigrants collecting Social Security benefits.', 'Says as Indiana governor, he has made record investments in education.', 'President Trump you want to talk about a crisis? 7 million Americans have become uninsured since you took office.', 'Claims he “was the first to use" the term “rigged" and “then all of a sudden Bernie [Sanders] started using it and other people."', 'The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S.', 'When I was speaker we had four consecutive balanced budgets.', 'Former Secretary of State John Kerry met secretly in Paris with Iranians days after the U.S. withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal', '“Amount President Trump has transferred from other agencies to fund his ‘Build the Wall’ Emergency: $10s of millions, & has identified billions more. Amount he’s transferred to address the Opioid National Emergency: $0"', 'In response to a question about the latest National Climate Assessment: Right now we’re at the cleanest we’ve ever been.', 'More people have been put on food stamps by Barack Obama than any president in American history.', 'Liberty University students were mandated" to attend Sen. Ted Cruz’s presidential announcement "or they would be fined.', 'Says Donald Trump was doing a rally in the state of Florida" the day Trump\'s son and others met with a Russian lawyer in New York."', '“I have already shared with you that many are working second or third jobs — in fact in Texas, half of your colleagues are working a second or third job just to put food on the table."', "Wisconsin property taxes, as a percentage of personal income, are the lowest that they've been since the end of World War II.", "Says transgender residents make up about 1-in-300 people we're all over the place we're your friends and your neighbors.", 'Says James Comey suggested and CNN reported that the basis of the wiretapping warrant for Trump adviser Carter Page was all based on a dossier.', 'Says Donald Trump says he has foreign policy experience because he ran the Miss Universe pageant in Russia.', 'Was the Gettysburg Address Ridiculed" By Contemporary News Outlets?"', 'The Supreme Court upheld a law that “disallowed Muslims from participating in American government."', 'Rubio: ‘Rape victims should be in custody if there is suspicion that they’re planning abortion.’', 'I have thought about this Senator. There was nothing out of the ordinary of what Senate staffs would tell us or what we would hear from our legislative affairs folks. That said I cannot tell you whether something that he said at some point directly or indirectly derived from his knowledge that may have come from these documents. I just cannot speak to that at all. I can say in direct response to your question that no I never suspected anything untoward.', 'Suggests French President Emmanuel Macron agreed with the conclusion I reached two years ago. The Paris Agreement is fatally flawed ...', "Trump's budget reduced the deficit by $3 trillion which is one of the largest in history.", 'In 2016, Dallas, Texas, has fewer police officer-related shootings than any large city in America.', 'The poem that you’re referring to was added later. It’s not actually part of the original Statue of Liberty.', '“Trump Made Puerto Rico\'s Debt Worse After His Golf Course Filed For Bankruptcy"', 'Washington Post FALSELY reported the President’s massive sold-out rally in Pensacola Florida was empty. Dishonest reporter showed picture of empty arena HOURS before crowd started pouring in.', 'Claims President Obama founded ISIS" and "the co-founder" was former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton."', 'A horrible law" requires that children be separated from their parents "once they cross the Border into the U.S.', '“The reason Russia was in Afghanistan was because terrorists were going into Russia, they were right to be there."', 'The Republicans and President Donald Trump passed a tax bill that gave 80 percent of its benefits to the top 1 percent.', 'We want to save lives. We want children to be safe. The children are being decimated. And I’m not talking about necessarily children in our country. I’m talking about wonderful children that are coming up from other places whether it’s Honduras or Guatemala or El Salvador or Mexico or other places. And we have to take care of those children also. We can’t let them die on the way up.', 'Says Carnival Cruise Lines will now offer free cruises" to hurricane victims."', 'President Donald Trump\'s deal with Democratic leaders “basically freezes last year’s funding in place, which is a cut of $52 billion" in the defense budget.', 'Says Michigan congressional candidate Elissa Slotkin just parachuted into the district to run for Congress" and "admitted that she doesn’t know our area.', '“Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs."', 'Trump Says Democrats want to give (undocumented immigrants) cars.', '“UPDATE: Cop Who Arrested Malia Obama Found Dead Under Suspicious Circumstances."', 'In Trump’s first year as president job growth slowed to a six-year low.', 'The primary financing mechanism of the Affordable Care Act is a tax on wealthy people.', 'Says Sen. Joe Manchin has a $700 000 D.C. luxury yacht.', "We've made other countries rich while the wealth ... of our country has dissipated over the horizon.", 'Teen who killed Muslim refugee for raping his 7 years old sister sentenced 30 years to life in a federal prison.', 'More than half of Planned Parenthood facilities are in rural or medically underserved areas.', 'Spicer: Trump has the legal right to cancel SCOTUS because they serve at his pleasure', '“In Alaska, they’ve gone up 207 percent on Obamacare."', '“The legislation concerns only accusations of collective responsibility by the Polish Nation or Polish State for German Nazi Crimes. It does not seek to deny nor does it apply towards charges of individual collaboration by Polish nationals during World War II."', 'Says Beto O’Rourke voted to shield MS-13 gang members from deportation.', '“This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform), which will be the biggest in the history of our country!"', 'Job growth and stock growth for the first two years of Trump are down from where they were (during the) last two years of Obama.', 'Says Sherrod Brown votes 97 percent with Chuck Schumer almost 95 plus percent with Elizabeth Warren.', "Says the CBO said it's not that people are getting pushed off a plan; it's that people will choose not to buy something they don't like or want.", 'We know that the president’s son and campaign manager were involved in a meeting with the Russians to receive stolen — what they thought was ... information stolen by the Russians from the Democratic National Committee. ... That’s the way the email inviting them to the meeting put it.', 'The unexpectedly good first quarter 3.2% GDP was greatly helped by Tariffs from China.', 'A photo shows Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez with her legs spread.', 'A report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office confirms that the American Health Care Act will lower premiums.', 'Most of Kathy Manning’s donors are from out-of-state.', 'Says former President Barack Obama will be on new $1 dollar bill.', '#FISAMemo shows real collusion between Dem operatives & key officials at the FBI & DOJ to spy on the #Trump campaign & interfere in the 2016 election.', 'There are fewer people crossing (the southwest) border than in the last 30 years.', "North Carolina's teacher income is rising faster than any other state.", 'Says Hillary Clinton wants to have open borders.', 'Says illegal immigration is costing us $130 billion a year to house and feed and give benefits to people that shouldn’t be even in the country.', 'Says Texas has had over 600 000 crimes committed by illegals since 2011. Over 1 200 homicides.', 'Minnesota U.S. House candidate Joe Radinovich has spent his life running from the law charged with 18 crimes.', 'On whether the federal government should set a minimum wage.', 'Crime is up" in New York City under Mayor Bill de Blasio\'s leadership."', 'California Gov. Jerry Brown To Force Schools To Show Kids ‘Gay Sex’ As Part Of Inclusive LGBT Curriculum.', 'Democrats announce they will abolish ICE if they win 2020 election.', "Says Donald Trump's presidential victory was an electoral landslide.", 'I have property in California...The taxes are way way out of whack and people are going to start to move pretty soon …. [T]he taxes are double and triple what they should be.', '“In over half of American households, the single largest expense is child care, even exceeding the cost of housing."', 'Make no mistake, disclosing grand jury material is a violation of the law.', 'Cops Take A Knee Then Walk Out On Redskins Leaving Them Stranded.', 'There was someone else on that plane for the secret Bill Clinton/Loretta Lynch meeting.', 'Newly elected Muslim mayor just abolished Christmas in Hoboken, New Jersey.', '“There is no moral or economic justification for the six wealthiest people in the world having as much wealth as the bottom half of the world’s population, 3.7 billion people."', 'PUTIN ISSUES INTERNATIONAL ARREST WARRANT FOR GEORGE SOROS', 'Hackers are posting sexual videos and pictures on your (Facebook) walls! You don’t see them but your friends do then it seems as if you posted it.', 'Claims Mike Pence, the Republican vice presidential nominee, “says ‘climate change is a myth.\'"', 'Almost 40 percent of all (undocumented) immigrants come by plane and they overstay their visas.', 'Says Ted Cruz never denied" his father was photographed with Lee Harvey Oswald."', 'President Trump has appointed the most [women] of any president.', 'Every single plan that Republicans in the House voted on in the previous Congress covered preexisting conditions. Every single plan considered by the Senate covers preexisting conditions.', 'Fourteen percent of all noncitizens in this country are registered to vote.', 'On whether Barack Obama was born in the United States.', 'I didn’t support Sonia Sotomayor.', 'Roy Moore, who has been accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls, is running for the U.S. Senate in Alabama “with the full support of his party."', 'President Donald Trump announced that he would reinstate a national day of remembrance for fallen officers that the traitor before him had done away with.', 'Gross income tax receipts are exceeding the Administration’s projections for this fiscal year prior to Sandy.', "Says a Republican hasn't won [an election] for a presidency in New Jersey since 1988.", 'Few people [at the Trump campaign] knew the young low level volunteer named George" Papadopoulos."', 'Mueller will be forced to resign over Pelosi affair.', 'Says that Lizzie Pannill Fletcher contradicted herself on her health care position and said we need universal health care.', 'Says Florida Gov. Rick Scott subtracted $1.3 billion from public schools.', 'We have the highest murder rate in this country in 45 years.', 'Pre-K has gone down since the current mayor took office.', 'The Republican tax reform proposal is focused on tax breaks for the middle class and not about people who are really high-income earners getting a tax break.', 'Says condoms used to be tax-exempt here in Texas.', '“Mom is working, Dad is working, and the kids are working, and ... they’re bringing in less disposable income today than a family did with one breadwinner 40 years ago."', 'We are investing more money into education than ever before in the history of Wisconsin.', 'Says Washington’s Kim Schrier has a plan to eliminate employer-provided health coverage, double income taxes and put your care in the hands of government bureaucrats.', 'The cost-sharing reductions (were) a gift (that) they gave the insurance companies.', '3 muslim congress women refuse to uphold the Constitution', "Many of the countries in question (in Trump’s travel ban) don't even have a U.S. embassy there to help us vet.", 'We’re getting really bad dudes out of this country, and at a rate that nobody’s ever seen before.', 'The meeting between Donald Trump Jr. and a Russian lawyer was a standard one -- collecting negative information on your political opponent.', '“Once again, 129M people with pre-existing conditions could be denied coverage and insurers could charge sick people more money."', 'Says Ammar Campa-Najjar is working to infiltrate Congress" and "is being supported by CAIR and the Muslim Brotherhood.', 'An HIV-positive Cadbury worker has been arrested after contaminating products with his blood.', 'Lawmaker wouldn’t protect us from a bill that raises premiums and causes 24 million to lose their insurance', 'A teacher watched hard-core pornography in his classroom " along with other inappropriate behavior but Tony Evers didn\'t revoke the teacher\'s license and "the teacher is still in the classroom.', 'Says Donald Trump spent the least amount of money of any of the competitive primary contenders that he beat so badly.', 'Says President Trump makes English the official language of the United States!', 'A photo of Trump having a stroke is really a virus that will wipe out all information on your computer.', 'El precio de combustible ha aumentado un 25% este año" / "The price of gas has increased 25% this year.', 'Says she voted for a statewide fracking ban.', 'CNN and NBC spread fake news on Puerto Rico relief.', 'Says 228 House Democrats voted to allow illegal aliens to have right to vote', 'China has not acted so well with our elections. They’ve tampered with our elections quite a bit.', 'More white people have been shot by police officers this past year than minorities.', 'Joseph Stalin said, It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything.', 'Liberals in County Hall want our community to be a sanctuary county', "Pelosi's Brother-in-Law Received $737m Taxpayer Money for Failed 'Green' Project", 'Florida Democrats just voted to impose Sharia law on women.', 'The deficit ... is coming down and it’s coming down rapidly.', 'Says Luke Messer and Todd Rokita voted to fast-track Obama’s trade deals.', 'America has lost nearly one third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997 following the enactment of disastrous trade deals supported by Bill and Hillary Clinton.', 'Business associates of" William Browder "sent a huge amount of money – 400 million – as a contribution to the campaign of Hillary Clinton.', 'CIA historically has not done interrogations.', 'I’ve already traveled to Washington D.C. and secured a historic commitment from the Trump administration to provide assistance to the communities that Michael battered.', 'FBI Executes Search Warrant At Obama D.C. Mansion.', 'Refugee vetting was very haphazard " under the Obama Administration. "In many cases we simply accepted the word of applicants.', 'When Joe Biden’s son Hunter was serving as a director to Ukraine’s largest private gas producer " the elder Biden "threatened to withhold $1 BILLION in U.S. aid to Ukraine if they didn’t fire a prosecutor looking into" the gas company."', 'Can You Make an AR-15 With a 3D Printer?', 'Says Pat Robertson said, We must impose a rule on the gay population that would require them to wear specially-colored clothes.', '“You have to assume that our enemies and our adversaries had access to every email that ever went over [Hillary Clinton\'s] private server."', '“You get far more from [a financial disclosure form] than you could ever get from a tax return."', 'I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama just look at the facts. Total Fake News!', "The FBI has become America's secret police … like the old KGB.", 'In the state rankings for ACT test scores, West Virginia is 30th. Which states are listed in the bottom? 15 states with charter schools.', 'We could build 30 walls with the $150 billion Obama gave to Iran.', 'Says Cost of Mueller’s investigation: $3 200 00; Benghazi "investigation": $7 000 000; Trump’s golfing trips: $83 000 000; New debt from Republican tax bill: $1 500 000 000 000.', 'http://www.politifact.com/ohio/statements/2016/mar/24/bernie-s/tufts-university-study-has-bernies-back-trans-paci/', 'Hillary Clinton and Ralph Northam “label police as racists."', 'District attorneys have advertised that they will charge a criminal alien with a lesser offense than presumably they would charge a United States citizen so they won’t be deported.', 'Says presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama each tried to get immigration bills passed, but it did not work because the other party was unwilling to provide the president and his party a victory.', 'Says $3 trillion in offshore money... is coming back into the economy" because of the GOP tax bills."', 'Says Hillary Clinton has not answered a single question" about her immigration plan."', 'While (women) represent 47 percent of the overall work force we only make up 23 percent of STEM-related occupations.', 'Says that when federal bureaucrats wanted to prohibit the use of wooden cheese boards which help make tens of millions of pounds of cheese a year" she "stepped in helped eliminate the regulations.', 'The Collins-Nelson bill will not protect pre-existing conditions. It has nothing to do with pre-existing conditions.', "The vast majority of people that got insurance under President Obama's Obamacare the Affordable Care Act got it through Medicaid.", 'There is the standard which every other Supreme Court nominee has had to meet and that is earning 60 bipartisan votes in the United States Senate.', "I've always voted for keeping the government open. I’ve never cast a vote to shut down the government.", "Most Planned Parenthood settings are in urban areas urban areas that have lots of OB/GYNs. ... The folks who don't have access to those cancer screenings live in rural areas. They live in areas where there are not enough physicians.", 'More businesses went out of business last year than were started for the first time in our history.', 'Russia and China are “doing naval exercises together someplace."', 'Iran has received about $3 billion" from the nuclear deal"', 'Says Mike DeWine flip-flopped on the gun issue and has earned an F from the NRA.', 'Claims video corroborates its story that “police officers in Charlottesville believed the driver was not acting maliciously."', 'Says Marsha Blackburn voted against military pay raise.', 'Don’t Let The MAGA Hat Fool You Hispanic Shooter ‘Nicolas de Jesus Cruz’ Was A Registered Democrat.', 'Leah Vukmir OPPOSES Buy American legislation.', 'Says he won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.', 'We essentially repealed Obamacare because we got rid of the individual mandate ... and that was a primary source of funding of Obamacare.', 'Since 1978 California has spent $5 billion to put 13 people to death.', "Every single Democrat in the U.S. Senate has signed up for the open borders and it's a bill it's called the ‘open borders bill.’", 'Says Donald Trump won more counties than any candidate on our side since Ronald Reagan.', 'Now in Cabell County we just had information that we reduced our overdoses by 40 percent.', 'By the time you drink your coffee an elephant is killed for its ivory tusks.', 'Did past administrations, including the Obama administration, use tear gas to control crowds of migrants during incidents at the U.S.-Mexico border?', '“Before Roe v. Wade, thousands of women died every year."', 'Texas law enforcement officer fatally shot upon arriving for work by 3 Muslim refugee.', '“We have reduced our CO2 footprint by over 18 percent, almost 20 percent, from 2000 to 2014."', "Danny Tarkanian … wants to defund Planned Parenthood and would outlaw a woman's right to choose even in cases of rape or incest.", 'Every one of the financial bad management practices that I inherited every one of them have either been eliminated or cut significantly.', "Says he meant to say I don't see why it wouldn't be Russia.", 'I was totally against the war in Iraq.', 'The U.S. sold its embassy in the best site in all of London" and ended up building a new one in a "lousy location" at a loss to taxpayers of about $750 million."', 'TV ad: Sen. Dean Heller got the worst grade in Nevada on veterans.', 'It’s against the law in Texas to let any loaded gun get in the hands of a child.', 'Under the Paris Accord, China and India had no obligations under the agreement until 2030.', '18 million illegal immigrants got their government checks this month" while federal workers remain unpaid."', 'Says Donald Trump said a woman should be punished for exercising her right to choose.', 'One Texas city has a law that says that women can only have six dildos.', 'There’s no law whatsoever" requiring him to give Congress his tax returns."', "Are Police Trained to Look for a 'Black Dot' as a Secret Signal From Abuse Victims?", 'The last majority-Anglo high school class in Texas graduated in 2014.', 'British Intelligence Seizes Clinton Foundation Warehouse $400 Million In Cash.', "Says Andrew Gillum wants to abolish ICE and doesn't believe in doing any type of immigration enforcement.", 'Bryan County, Ga., has corrupted voter rolls.', 'Says Mark Pocan’s proposal to eliminate the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) would eliminate border enforcement.', 'Said that by allowing insurers to sell health plans across state lines, “your premiums will be down 60 and 70 percent."', 'We have growth over 4 percent.', 'A California health care CEO is promising to reduce our prescription drug costs.', 'In a watershed 1958 decision, the Warren court asserted by itself that the Supreme Court was supreme over the president and the Congress.', "Kardashians Claim They Feel ‘Unsafe’ in Trump’s America: ‘Can’t Even Look at an American Flag Anymore.'", 'Southwest Airlines celebrating 50th anniversary by providing 2 free tickets to everyone!', "A meme quotes Clemson University's quarterback as saying the team's White House dinner was the best meal we ever had.", 'President Donald Trump “just defended the Confederate Flag he hung in the White House."', "Let's say this loud and clear — without voter suppression Stacey Abrams would be the governor of Georgia Andrew Gillum is the governor of Florida", 'With the Trump tax law, 70 percent of the benefits went to the wealthiest 1 percent.', 'In order to sell insurance in Florida there are over 40 separate individual conditions that must be covered. ... far beyond the essential health benefits included in Obamacare.', 'Republican Rep. Todd Rokita of Indiana voted “against Trump’s border wall."', 'The 20 richest people in our country own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population — 150 million people.', '“You look at our air and our water and it’s right now at a record clean."', 'The intersection of a rainbow and tornado is called a tornabow.', 'Students at the University of Texas in Austin have been advised not to wear cowboy boots or cowboy hats on Halloween.', 'Is it true that San Francisco is registering non-U.S. citizens to vote?', 'We are $20 trillion in debt. The Congressional Budget Office projects an additional $129 trillion of accumulated deficits over the next 30 years.', 'Sen. Richard Durbin has a history of misrepresenting what happens in White House meetings.', 'Ronald Reagan led the world by cutting our corporate tax rate to 34 percent. ... Under this pro-America system our economy boomed. It just went beautifully -- right through the roof. The middle class thrived and median family income increased.', 'Meme claims 7,182 students have been killed in U.S. schools" since 2012."', 'Says Mitch McConnell was cured of polio when he was a child by government-funded care and now he’s trying to take that same care away from millions of Americans', '“They’re shooting our police at record levels."', "Says Donald Trump and Ron Johnson oppose a woman's right to choose and Johnson voted against the Violence Against Women Act.", 'Says a federal judge in San Antonio issued a ruling that … not only could the students not pray at their graduation if they used the word ‘benediction ’ the word ‘invocation ’ the word ‘God ’ asked the audience to stand or asked for a moment of silence he would put the superintendent in jail.', "Did Putin Give 'Trump Valuable Info to Take Down' the Clintons and Obamas?", 'The idea of putting up (Confederate) monuments actually didn’t happen right after the Civil War. It happened during the 1960s.', "We've had Muslims in America since George Washington.", '17 million taxpayer dollars have gone to settling sexual harassment claims against Congress members.', 'Prior to Obamacare here in Wisconsin 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. After Obamacare 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. It hasn’t had an impact.', '“There are multiple doctored GND [Green New Deal] resolutions and FAQs floating around. There was also a draft version that got uploaded + taken down. There’s also draft versions floating out there. Point is, the real one is our submitted resolution, H.Res. 109."', 'It\'s important to pay attention to the Russian spy drama but let\'s not ignore the fact that the following (10) bills have been introduced" in the House."', 'Claims “violent crime has increased in cities across America."', 'Is Elon Musk Buying Facebook So He Can Delete It?', 'Says Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein announced in February that the Russia collusion investigation is over.', 'Says the New York bike path assault was the ninth vehicle assault used by ISIS.', 'Says a recent opioid bill that reached his desk had very little Democrat support.', '“In light of the leak of my financial disclosure info which is a felony I will be contacting @FBI and the @TheJusticeDept"', 'Three of the 11 most violent cities in the U.S. are in Missouri — St. Louis Kansas City and Springfield.', 'We’ve had a 30% increase in suicides in this country in just 15 years.', 'Says proposal to use city-owned land for an Austin pro soccer stadium is a $1 billion giveaway.', 'The servers of the Pakistani gentleman that worked on the DNC" are "missing.', 'Congressman Joe Heck has (voted) 62% of the time with Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats on a variety of important issues.', 'The Obama administration borrowed more than $10 trillion right? And yet we picked up $5.2 trillion just in the stock market. ... Maybe in a sense we’re reducing debt.', 'Planned Parenthood is the biggest abortion provider in the country.', 'Broward County Sheriff fired for lying about Parkland.', 'This is my exact words. ‘I love all the people of our country’ …. They (the media say) ‘Is he a racist?’', 'Says there is a traditional 60-vote threshold for confirming Supreme Court nominees.', 'America is a nation of builders. We built the Empire State Building in just one year. Isn’t it a disgrace that it can now take 10 years just to get a minor permit approved for the building of a simple road?', "In economic growth, Obama's best year was slower than Bill Clinton's worst year.", 'Says he was instrumental to passing two (recent) pieces of legislation that were a huge victory for firefighters across the state.', 'The waiting list for Pre-K is over in the House budget.', 'Local authorities in 43 states refused to honor more than 16 000 detainer requests from ICE from October 2013 to December 2015. Only in Alaska Delaware Hawaii Maine Montana Vermont and Wyoming did local officials honor all requests and detainers are relatively rare in those states.', 'About three-quarters of (Syrian refugees) are women and children. A full third of them are kids under 12 years old.', 'ICE detention standards are well beyond the standards that even the Federal Bureau of Prisons has in terms of prisoner or detainee in this case housing and care.', '“Just last year, Judge Kavanaugh praised the dissent in Roe v. Wade."', 'These vicious claims about me of inappropriate conduct with women are totally and absolutely false. ... You study these people and you’ll understand.', 'If Joe Manchin had his way Judge Gorsuch never would have been able to get a vote.', 'There’s more Hoosiers going to work than ever before.', '“Last month, we saw a 64 percent reduction in illegal immigration on our southern border."', 'Like every budget passed by the Senate since I have been lieutenant governor Senate Bill 1 is within the spending limit set by the Texas Constitution.', 'A meme claims that “if you cross the border illegally in the U.S., you get a Drivers License, Medical Insurance, housing, career training, the right to vote."', 'Congress and Sen. Jon Tester took a pay raise in the recent omnibus bill.', 'A provision of the Senate tax bill eliminating the penalty for not buying health insurance would have no impact on anyone" who buys coverage on the Affordable Care Act exchanges."', 'There is no tax increase in the governor’s plan.', 'Says conservative mega-donor Richard Uihlein is a Wisconsin resident.', "I did not go along with this. I wasn't here at the time. I was actually out getting breast cancer treatment.", 'FBI clears Michael Flynn in probe linking him to Russia', 'Well I told you General Flynn obviously was dealing [with Russia]. So that’s one person. But he was dealing as he should have been. . . . Russia is a ruse. I have nothing to do with Russia. Haven’t made a phone call to Russia in years. Don’t speak to people from Russia. I have nothing to do with Russia. To the best of my knowledge no person that I deal with does.', '“I\'ve created over a million jobs since I\'m president."', 'Were over 200 million eggs recalled because of Salmonella concerns?', 'Says Scott Walker has taken money away from internet expansion in our state.', 'From 1990 to 2015 under (Democratic) control W. Va. teacher pay rank plummeted from 30th in the nation to 48th.', 'The Department of Homeland Security’s database of legal immigrants has never" been "bounced against a state’s voter rolls.', 'Florida Moves For FULL RECOUNT Of State Over Massive Voter Fraud', 'Since NAFTA’s adoption the United States racked up trade deficits totaling more than $2 trillion.', '8 Syrians caught at Texas border in Laredo.', 'We know dangerous criminals can slip through immigration at airports just like ours. Yet Joe Donnelly stood right here with the radical left against all efforts to secure our most vulnerable entry points.', 'Says Marco Rubio tweeted a verse from the New Testament to shame his own constituents for flocking to Trump rally.', 'The No. 1 job vacancy in Florida every month for seven years has been nursing.', 'For the first time in U.S. history, a one-year-old appears in court as a defendant.', 'Many mass shooters turn out to be communist Democrats', 'We\'re losing thousands of (veterans) waiting on line" because they can\'t get speedy health care from the Veterans Administration."', 'A photo of Muslim women with the words Down with the USA" written on their hands was taken in Michigan."', '“Laziness is a trait in blacks"', 'I have consistently opposed shutdowns.', '@realDonaldTrump is coming to San Antonio which is 60% Mexican-AMERICAN.', 'During the Nixon Watergate investigation, out of courtesy the FBI started reporting to the Department of Justice. But there was nothing official.', 'Says Donald Trump “used undocumented labor to build the Trump Tower."', 'Since taking office we have enacted more than $8 billion in cumulative tax relief.', 'Hillary Clinton has taken hundreds of millions from those countries" where "women are stoned where women are killed for adultery and women can\'t drive.', 'Virginia House Republicans have had more African-Americans on key committees than when the Democrats were in control.', '“Donald Trump says he’d deport 16 million people."', 'The fact is" the Clinton Foundation has "got about 80 percent in overhead and 20 percent of the money is actually getting into the places it should.', 'There was never a single shred of evidence presented to anyone" that the attacks in Benghazi Libya were "spontaneous and in fact the CIA themselves understood that early on.', 'This is immoral: Instead of addressing the border crisis here at home the Pelosi plan would spend $54 billion taxpayer money on foreign countries.', 'Federal law requires residents to participate in the U.S. government’s American Community Survey.', 'Says the 2016 election map is similar to the government released crime map of 2013.', '“When someone gets shot by a gun with a silencer, it\'s quiet. Witnesses might not hear. Police will be less likely to track down the shooter."', 'Rep. Rashida Tlaib was caught on film trying to attack someone who called her out.', 'Of the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Aug. 12 that turned violent, Trump said “a lot of the event didn’t even happen yet when he made his initial remarks blaming "many sides.', 'There\'s been no conclusive or specific report to say" Russia was trying to muddy the election."', 'California has the sixth largest economy on planet Earth.', 'The reported rate of maternal deaths in Texas doubled when the state closed their abortion clinics and cut funding for Planned Parenthood.', 'There are no provisions in here that substantially affect or advantage the big Wall Street bankers.', 'Global warming leads to much quicker spread of the Zika virus because the increased temperature, makes mosquitoes mature faster . . . bite more due to having a higher metabolism and makes the Zika virus inside of them incubate faster.', "Says Bernie Sanders was indifferent to Russia's annexation of Crimea because he felt they have a lot of Russians anyway.", 'In Houston Texas there are more brothels than there are Starbucks.', 'Says 15 homeless people have already been found frozen to death in Chicago.', 'The majority of voters supported Democratic Senate candidates over Republican ones.', 'Collusion is not illegal.', 'Abortion providers like Planned Parenthood do little other than provide abortions.', 'Kurt Russell said if the Dems regain power they have promised to abolish the 1st 2nd 4th 5th & 6th amendments. Also the Senate the Electoral College the Supreme Court borders ICE and more. When do we get to declare them enemies of the state?', 'Fifty-eight percent of your [African American] youth is unemployed.', 'Says the percentage of officers the Chicago Police Board fired after hearing their cases or who chose to resign prior to a board hearing roughly doubled during her tenure.', 'California has the highest poverty rate in the nation" when considering the U.S. Census Bureau’s Supplemental Poverty Measure."', 'HR 1 is going to take your hard-earned tax dollars and millions more and send them to (a political candidate’s) campaign so (they) can put ads on TV.', 'Says Denzel Washington supports Donald Trump and speaks out against Barack Obama.', 'Twitter caught leaking Donald Trump’s private messages in undercover sting.', 'Says one year ago, no cities in the South had guaranteed paid sick days.', "If you're in Texas you have got to drive 120 miles to get an ID.", 'There was serious voter fraud" in Virginia"', 'Ohio student suspended for staying in class during National Walkout Day', 'Uses a picture of a mansion to say that Rep. Nancy Pelosi lives surrounded by a high perimeter wall with gun toting security.', 'Wisconsin\'s Lincoln Hills youth prison has a 66 percent recidivism rate " while "states like Missouri that have more of a regional model -- 8 percent.', 'Says John Culberson got $680 million for a telescope in South America and voted against fixing dams and FEMA funding to prevent flooding.', 'Says Sen. Bill Nelson hasn’t done anything on gun safety or school safety and nothing on gun control.', '“In the first two job reports since I took the oath of office, we’ve already added nearly half a million new jobs."', 'Says Scott Baio .. dies in small plane crash.', 'I’ve got 15 days from my announcement to file paperwork with the FEC!', 'Babysitter on crystal meth eats 3-month-old baby.', 'Says he beat (President Barack) Obama at the Supreme Court saving coal jobs.', 'There is $50 billion a year wasted in the Medicare program.', 'It is Hillary Clinton\'s agenda" to "release the violent criminals from jail. She wants them all released.', '“Maine House Democrats Vote to Allow Female Genital Mutilation."', 'We have an invasion of drugs invasion of gangs invasion of people and it is unacceptable.', 'Says Florida officials amended a contract from Lockheed Martin from 305 promised jobs to six.', 'Iran has committed multiple violations" of the nuclear deal specifically on heavy water limits military inspections and advanced centrifuges."', '‘Smallville’ Star Confesses She Sold Children To Rothschilds And Clintons', 'Seventy-six percent of the American people support us passing the DREAM Act … with citizenship and legalization as part of it all. … More than 60 percent of Republicans support that.', 'In New York City, for every one person experiencing homelessness here there are about three vacant apartments.', 'Says Ted Cruz’s father was with Lee Harvey Oswald" before the assassination of President John F. Kennedy."', 'Rick Scott was silent" on child immigrant separations"', 'About 3 percent of murders and crimes are committed with guns from people who actually (legally) purchase those guns.', 'Drug prices are coming down first time in 51 years because of my administration.', 'The Senate bill hands enormous tax cuts to the rich and to the drug and insurance industries paid for by cutting health care for everybody else.', 'The Koch network (is) spending more money (in a Senate race) in Ohio than anywhere else in the country.', "Trump Warns Russia Over Jehovah's Witnesses Ban and Urges Members to Seek Asylum in the US", 'Claims assimilation among Muslim immigrants in the U.S. is “pretty close" to “nonexistent."', "Donald Trump's hush money payments are no worse than reporting lapses by the Obama campaign", "The seven nations identified in Donald Trump's travel ban were identified by the Obama administration as the seven most dangerous countries in the world in regard to harboring terrorists.", 'The average premium across this country has actually doubled under Obamacare.', 'Corporate tax revenues are “still rising," even though the tax rate “dropped 40 percent" under the new tax law.', 'Heitkamp has voted against Trump 68 percent of time.', 'Since 2001 63 000 of us were murdered by illegal aliens." \u200b"', 'Temperature increases for the likely hottest years on record (2014, 2015 and 2016) are meaningless" because they are “well within the margin of error.', 'If Austin voters reject Proposition 1, a new City-run" criminal background check "process will cost millions" with taxpayers getting "the bill.', 'Says Rep. Martha McSally has repeatedly tried to limit women’s access to birth control and she even cosponsored a bill to make contraception more expensive for women.', 'Says professional football coach Rex Ryan won championships in New York. The AFC I think twice.', 'Jeff Flake’s office leaks names of those charged in Mueller’s Russian probe.', 'Today there are more than 7 million Americans more living in poverty than the day that Barack Obama became president of the United States.', 'Facts have come to light that indicate that a pivotal close election was likely changed through voter fraud on November 8 2016: New Hampshire’s U.S. Senate Seat and perhaps also New Hampshire’s four Electoral College votes in the presidential election.', 'Taking into account inflation the federal minimum wage is actually worth less than what it was worth 50 years ago.', 'The studies have shown us that [drug testing for welfare recipients] will be saving us money.', 'Sixty percent of Americans now support legalizing marijuana.', 'Says he presented a balanced budget.', 'Mostly Democrat states refused to hand over data" that could show election fraud."', 'The Feds Bust Barack Obama FELONY.', 'Says Beto O’Rourke has a criminal record that includes DWI and burglary arrests.', 'Donald Trump praises Colonel Sanders for his service in the Civil War.', "When Donald Trump spoke in Phoenix he looked the audience in the eye and he said ‘no we're building a wall and we're deporting everybody.’ He said quote ‘they will all be gone. They will all be gone.’ This is one of the ones where you can go to the tape on it and see what Donald Trump has said.", '“California Governor Signs Order To Use ARABIC Numerals In Public Schools."', 'The Capitol was built by slaves.', 'BREAKING: Queen Elizabeth II Dead At 94', 'Laura Ingraham just fired!!!', 'Obama\'s treasury secretary dead under suspicious circumstances" after Supreme Court issues bench warrant."', 'There’s no data that says a gun-free zone has saved lives.', "A Trump administration proposal for the Interior Department is the largest investment in our public lands infrastructure in our nation's history.", 'Says President Donald Trump’s executive order leads to capture of ISIS leader Rasheed Muhammad.', '“The Russia witch hunt was a plan by those who lost the election to try and illegally regain power by framing innocent Americans."', 'Alabama’s Crimson Tide was disqualified from national championship.', 'Says after leaving the White House, Hillary Clinton was forced to return an estimated $200 000 in White House china furniture and artwork that she had stolen.', 'A 79-year-old woman with AK-47 rescued two LAPD officers from a street gang.', '“Trump Orders Raid To NY’s Islamberg After 20yrs They Uncover America’s WORST Nightmare"', 'In the 513 days between Trayvon dying and today’s verdict 11 106 African-Americans have been murdered by other African-Americans.', 'Says Tampa Bay Lightning hockey player J.T. Brown was fired after raising fist during national anthem.', 'Says President Donald Trump’s fiscal year 2020 budget slashes investments in health care to pay for tax cuts to billionaires.', '“Meet Cindy: a single mom, making $30,000 per year, who hopes to one day get beyond living paycheck to paycheck. With a $700 increase in her tax refund each year under our tax bill, Cindy can start saving for her future."', 'I did not oppose the bill [calling for independent investigations of police use of deadly force]. I had a process when I was attorney general of not weighing in on bills and initiatives because as attorney general I had a responsibility for writing the title and summary. So I did not weigh in.', 'On June 7, the media will say Secretary Clinton has won. That is factually incorrect.', 'Says President Barack Obama once said, The American dream is to be Donald Trump', 'I finished" the controversy about where President Barack Obama was born."', 'A Trump television ad shows Mexicans swarming over our southern border.', 'On his support for Donald Trump.', 'Russian mansions Obama seized were meant to be illegal gifts to Sasha and Malia', 'Says Glenn Grothman is the single-most partisan member of the House.', 'Trump: ‘I am sending troops to South Africa and they will not leave until the killing stop and the land issue resolved.’', '“Small-business optimism has reached an all-time high. It\'s the highest it\'s ever been recorded."', '“I look at the 20,000 jobs that have left America because of the irresponsible medical-device tax"', 'The Navajo people who “live close" to Bears Ears National Monument “were all in support" of President Trump’s decision to shrink the protected land.', 'Facebook removes censors Declaration of Independence as ‘hate speech’', 'Says Hillary Clinton took 13 hours to send help to Americans under fire" during the terrorist attack in Benghazi."', 'About New York state: We have the highest debt per capita.', "Trump's former personal attorney Michael Cohen is trying to get a much lesser prison sentence by making up a story.", 'Muslims offended that their kids have to recite national anthem.', 'Says Republican presidential candidate and Gov. John Kasich has spent 177 days out of state and used $350,000 in taxpayer money on his costly campaign.', 'Pope says that the rights of Muslim migrants trump any safety concerns that you might have with them in your country.', 'On considering U.S. Supreme Court nominees.', 'The man who was in charge of the investigation of Hillary Clinton accepted essentially from Hillary Clinton $675 000 that went to his wife.', 'Here is another example of pay-for-play', 'Says Dick Cheney supported gay marriage sooner" than Hillary Clinton."', "The U.S. Senate has one manufacturer — that'd be me.", 'He asserted that Presidential appointees serving in the White House are beyond the reach of basic ethics requirements universally applicable to millions of executive branch employees.', 'Says Tammy Baldwin supported legislation allowing citizens to withhold funding for our troops.', 'Says there\'s nothing to learn" from his tax returns."', 'Wisconsin is 49th in the country in internet speed.', 'In 20 years there will be enough Muslim voters in the U.S. to elect the president.', 'We spend less on defense today as % of GDP than at any time since Pearl Harbor.', "We're the highest developed nation taxed in the world.", 'The pace of missile development between (Kim Jong Il and Kim Jong Un) has increased the testing about twenty-fold.The pace of missile development between (Kim Jong Il and Kim Jong Un) has increased the testing about twenty-fold.', 'In 2005 or 2006 U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer voted for the wall.', 'Hillary Clinton Named New York Attorney General', '“An undocumented immigrant is not a criminal."', 'Germany owes ... vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful and very expensive defense it provides to Germany!', '“Breaking: Sasha Obama just crashed her expensive new car into a lake."', "The US Supreme Court just ratified Donald Trump’s 'total and complete shutdown' of Muslims entry into the United States.", 'Says U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin wants to use a government jet that costs $25 000 per hour for his honeymoon.', "President-elect Trump's immigration policies are very similar to policies that are sitting right in the Senate and the House today to temporarily suspend immigration from countries that harbor terrorism to temporarily suspend immigration from Syria until we get better vetting.", 'The elimination of income and sales taxes in New York is equal to 9 percent of taxable income meaning that if you make $100 000 a year you lose $9 000', 'Black men arrested In Philadelphia Starbucks settle for $2 million', 'Challenger mostly on target with claim that Paul Ryan has gone 600 days without a town hall meeting', 'Texas Church shooter was Antifa and wanted to start (a) ‘communist revolution.’', 'Says Tony Evers will raise property taxes raise income taxes and raise gas taxes by as much as a dollar a gallon.', 'Says Patrick Murphy is the only candidate to have voted against every measure to fund Zika.', 'If he looks like he comes from that part of the world we’re not allowed to profile.', 'What has happened since 2005? We’ve seen violent crime continuously go down" due to Florida\'s "stand your ground" law."', 'Says a photo of a young girl crying alongside an ISIS member is a Christian being forced into sexual slavery as a child bride.', "The debate on securing our border can't be measured in partisan jabs. It has to be measured in the human toll caused by porous borders: 1/3 migrant women are sexually assaulted; 7/10 migrants are victims of violence; 20k migrant children were illegally smuggled last month.", 'There was just about zero press coverage" of the 2007 Bush White House email controversy."', '“This administration has stood strong for a free and independent press and defended the freedom of the press on the world stage."', 'Says Donald Trump hasn’t broken his promise" to release his tax returns."', 'Report: 3 million votes in presidential election cast by illegal aliens.', 'Claimed that his administration is “spending a lot of money on the inner cities."', 'You know the border’s down 78 percent. Under past administrations the border didn’t go down it went up.', 'Says New Jersey U.S. Rep. Leonard Lance voted repeatedly to let insurance companies charge more to people aged 50 and over.', 'Mike Madigan made a fortune on tax appeals… Saving his friends millions... It’s an inside game played by people like Merry Marwig Madigan’s hand-picked candidate. When Marwig thought her property taxes were too high she got them lowered at your expense. Saved so much she did it again. Marwig and Madigan: Profiting from the same corrupt system.', 'One of George Soros\' companies has provided some of the (voting) machines" for some states."', 'Quotes Valerie Jarrett as saying she is an Iranian by birth" and seeks to "change America to be a more Islamic country', "Of course you've got a low unemployment rate when people've got to work two and three jobs just to make ends meet.", "Muslim Elected Officials Cannot Uphold the Constitution Because They Don't Swear on the Bible", 'Race is the No. 1 indicator for where toxic and polluting facilities are today.', 'Under the North American Free Trade Agreement, we lost thousands of plants.', 'I greatly appreciate you informing me on three separate occasions that I am not under investigation.', 'After a decade of progress the rate of uninsured children is now rising.', "The approval of the United States was 20 points higher when (Hillary Clinton) left the secretary of state's office than when she took it.", "Says President Obama's grandmother in Kenya said he was born in Kenya and she was there and witnessed the birth.", 'Says Paul Soglin took Madison backward -- businesses have left and murders have gone up.', 'A black woman in New York City is 12 times more likely to die in childbirth than a white woman.', "White House to Consider Impeaching Nancy Pelosi for 'Treason.'", "The inauguration of Donald Trump will be the first one that I miss since I've been in Congress.", 'American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs.', 'A viral meme claims that environmentalists littered a California park on Earth Day', 'Says, in making the case for the border wall, the reality is that more than half the people crossing the border are what we call non-impactable. They can’t be turned around.', 'Not one Democrat showed up to listen to border officials about the dangerous situation at our border. Not one!!! NOT ONE!', 'In California, they\'re rioting now" over sanctuary cities."', 'In Florida felonies can be things like buying weed tampering with an odometer or disturbing a lobster trap. So basically spring break.', 'In the United States if there was equal participation of women in the labor market GDP would be up by 5 percent.', '“In other words, the socialists have done in Venezuela all of the same things that socialists, communists, totalitarians have done everywhere that they’ve had a chance to rule."', 'And while (Ted) Strickland proposed cuts for services for children he wasted over $250 000 remodeling his bathrooms at the governor’s mansion.', 'A study shows that corn soybean and wheat farmers across the U.S. have already lost $13 billion because of the administration’s trade war. We need trade policies that make sense for North Dakota protect farmers and ranchers and open up markets.', 'Local Government debt in Texas has increased nearly 40% in the past 5 years.', 'Says 70 percent of benefits in Donald Trump’s proposal for child care go to the people making over $100 000 a year.', 'Says Libya Ambassador (Christopher) Stevens sent 600 requests for help" in Benghazi."', 'We can work with them to do that but what they have put forth is a terrible bill 24 million people kicked off of health insurance which the speaker calls an act of mercy an act of mercy.', '“An African American baby born in Youngstown, Ohio, has a higher infant mortality rate than a baby born in Iran."', 'Muslim New Jersey Mayor just banned the word ‘Christmas.’"', 'Breaking: federal judge grants permission to subpoena Trump.', 'The default rate for college students has grown from 40 percent 10 years ago to about 50 percent today, and perhaps as many as 800 000 young Ohioans are facing default on their student loans.', "Iran's regime 'every Friday declares war on us.'", 'Says he and President Barack Obama have the same position on gay marriage.', 'President Trump did 170 short question-and-answer sessions through April 29 compared to 55 for President Obama.', 'California’s marijuana legalization initiative, Prop. 64 allows marijuana smoking ads in prime time on programs with millions of children and teenage viewers.', '“Kevin Bacon: ‘We are blessed to have Donald Trump as our president.\'"', 'California’s prisons budget in 1970 was about 3 percent of the general fund. Now it’s 8.9 percent about $12 billion.', 'SHOCK REPORT: Senator McCaskill BUSTED Funneling Millions of Tax Dollars to Her Hubby.', 'Malia Obama suspended after racist anti-white attack goes viral.', 'Says Ted Strickland admits his record on jobs and taxes is mixed and spotty.', 'United Airlines flight attendant slaps crying baby during flight.', 'In the United States alone we lose more than 3 000 people a day to cancer.', 'The Palestinian Authority pays about $350 million a year to terrorists and their families. Each year.', "Elizabeth Warren doesn't think Obamacare goes far enough: ‘The next step is single payer.' Does Sen. Nelson agree? He has in the past ... Sen. Nelson votes with Warren 90 percent of the time.", 'Over the last six years the state of Illinois spent about $320 million on illegal immigrants.', 'There isn\'t a system" for reuniting families separated under Trump’s zero tolerance border policy."', 'The business empire built by President-elect Trump over the years is massive not dissimilar to the fortunes of Nelson Rockefeller when he became vice president. But at that time no one was so concerned.', 'A meme claims Stephen Miller said: The powers of the president will not be questioned.', 'On Oct. 7 the Access Hollywood tape comes out. One hour later WikiLeaks starts dropping my emails.', 'Says President Barack Obama tax audit exposes MILLIONS in offshore accounts stolen from taxpayers.', '“There’s a $2 trillion tax cut last year. Did you feel it? Did you get anything from it? Of course not. Of course not. All of it went to folks at the top and corporations."', 'Republican candidate for California governor Travis Allen gave campaign donations to Jerry Brown Gavin Newsom and Barbara Boxer.', 'Malia Obama arrested with a gang of thugs in Chicago.', 'Democrats are trying to stop" disaster relief aid from going to several states."', 'Another thing that’s a Wisconsin value is infrastructure whether it’s roads or bridges...we are 49th out of 50 states in infrastructure.', 'Says a company that got tax breaks from the state later laid off 100 Ohioans even as its CEO cut a half-million-dollar check to Kasich’s super PAC.', 'According to a recent study from the University of California Riverside (sanctuary) cities with these policies have more violent crime on average than those that don’t.', 'Says Andrew Gillum has presided over the highest crime in Florida four years running.', '“Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing!"', '“In the meantime, we have a bust of Churchill."', 'Says Ohio congressional candidate Danny O’Connor has raised 90 percent of his campaign funds from liberal out of staters.', '“The Russians are in Florida\'s records."', 'Claims wind farms in the U.S. “kill more than 1 million birds a year."', 'Says more than 100,000 people are waiting for public housing in Houston and people who are in the country illegally are taking their spaces.', 'USPS loses $1.46 each Amazon package it delivers.', 'Obama Administration legalized bump stocks.', 'American Health Care Act made being a rape survivor a pre-existing condition', '“Twenty-two to twenty-four people came in through him. He’s a killer."', 'Under the Democratic health plan, families will be forced to spend an additional $2 100 a year to keep their current health care.', '“There is up to at least a $1.3 trillion tax break for corporations unpaid for."', 'Most of our taxes are spent on the so-called ‘War on Terror.’', 'Says Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh’s opinion that a president may decline to enforce a statute . . . when the president deems the statute unconstitutional" is "contrary to 200 years of Supreme Court precedent.', 'In New York state, you cannot charge an older person even one dollar more than a younger person" for health insurance."', 'The Black River’s water quality is “rated at the very top in North Carolina."', 'On Foxconn deal, 3 000 jobs cost #WI taxpayers more than $3 billion in tax giveaways. Break it down: more than $1 million in taxpayer dollars per job.', 'Says under her leadership, Democrats fought to ... make sure the (2011 HOPE) bill ... prevented the use of ACT/SAT testing standards.', 'At the end of 2016 there were 23 percent fewer [federal prosecutions] than in 2011. So they looked at this scourge and they let it go by.', 'Clarke Tucker “attended an anti-ICE rally" and “refused to take a position" on calls to abolish ICE.', '“Since she joined the Senate, McCaskill’s husband received $131 million in federal subsidies — subsidies that let the McCaskills pocket up to $22 million. …Claire McCaskill: She gets rich, you pay."', 'Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz has voted for huge subsidies for the sugar industry ... as well as for delays in cleanups.', 'The Trump campaign didn’t know" that Natalia Veselnitskaya "was a representative of the Russian government. ... I don\'t even know if they knew she was Russian at the time.', 'Immigrants can show up at any embassy or consulate abroad" to make their asylum claims."', 'Says Rick Kriseman is $35 million over budget on St. Petersburg’s new police station.', 'Viral photos show “Mexican police are being brutalized by Central American immigrants as they travel through Mexico toward the U.S."', 'We’re opening the Old Post Office. Under budget ahead of schedule.', 'Says Gwen Graham voted against President Obama 52 percent of the time.', 'Fox News accidentally puts up a poll graphic that shows how they are the least trusted network.', '“I’m very much opposed to sanctuary cities. They breed crime. There’s a lot of problems."', 'The last five years have been very bad years for farms. ... And one of the reasons is because they have [trade] barriers.', 'China will be allowed to build hundreds of additional coal plants. So we can’t build the plants, but they can, according to this (Paris) agreement."', 'The United States spends more per student than almost any other major country in the world.', 'Tulsa school closes after brutal fire.', 'Militia groups in Charlottesville had better equipment than our State Police', 'Thirty years ago we were the most college-educated country on the globe. Today we are No. 11.', 'It\'s not true" that immigrants in the U.S. illegally are "safer than the people that live in the country" in terms of crimes committed."', 'The president has unleashed an American energy boom by ending Obama-era regulations approving the Keystone pipeline auctioning off millions of new acres for energy exploration and opening up (the Alaska National Wildlife Refuge).', 'Says Brett Kavanaugh refused to uphold key patient protections in the past.', 'Republican Mark Kirk is outsourcing his campaign to a Super PAC funded almost exclusively by a bunch of hedge fund billionaires. ... I don’t have a Super PAC.', 'Every single person every rate payer every bracket person gets a rate cut.', 'Undocumented immigrants get Medicare for free.', 'Meme claims Rep. Nancy Pelosi said, Building a Wall will violate the rights of millions of illegals.', 'The allegation that the DNC colluded with Ukrainian officials to generate information to hurt the Trump campaign and help the Clinton campaign must be investigated.', 'In New York State Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants.', "What is the alt-right? It is a dressed-up term for white nationalism. ... (President Trump) is surrounded by these people ... they're in the White House with him.", '“[Andy Kim] became a national security officer for Republican and Democratic presidents."', 'The $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole.', '“Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing."', 'CBO has “faulty baseline estimates" and “inaccurately estimates health coverage"', 'There were slaves in 1845 who helped construct and build the Old Capitol.', 'Mark Harris has said he would abolish the Department of Education.', 'Spending more taxpayer money on VISIT FL (or less) has not demonstrated a direct impact on tourism.', 'Trump’s DHS secretary confirms they are preparing to arrest sanctuary city leaders.', 'Says Nancy Pelosi came out in favor of MS-13.', 'Says Tammy Baldwin was the only member of the Wisconsin congressional delegation to have a report outlining that a doctor was overprescribing opioids" at the Tomah VA "later a veteran died" and Baldwin "covered it up.', 'President Trump’s wall costs less than the ObamaCare website.', '“Trump’s Android device believed to be source of recent White House leaks."', 'One" Texas school "district alone -- Austin ISD -- is expected to lose more than $530 million in local property taxes to Robin Hood this year.', "Bump stocks are already illegal in the state of New York. You can't buy one.", 'I am roughly being paid $53 a day to educate your child.', 'Today in America between 40 and 50 percent of all African-American babies virtually 1-in-2 are killed before they are born.', 'Meme quotes Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez as saying, Under capitalism man oppresses man. Under socialism it’s the other way around.', 'Says Brendan Kelly allowed half of the criminals he faced to walk free" and "failed to protect women who were violently assaulted " allowing "those guilty of sexual assault to cut inexcusable plea deals.', 'Says a proposed $1.05 billion Austin school district bond proposition will require no tax rate increase.', 'Says Texas schools are ranked 43rd in the nation.', 'Meme claims Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was fired from ‘Hot Dog on a Stick’ in 2008 – for incompetence.', '“All agree the U.S. President has the complete power to pardon."', 'BREAKING: Federal Judge Nullifies PA Election Results For ‘Wide-Scale Voter Fraud’.', 'Poverty in WV is more than 5% higher than the national average.', 'Says McCain was a Hanoi Hilton songbird" who collaborated with the enemy."', '“I would just say that it’s going to be crucially important for us to recognize and understand when we outlaw plane travel, we outlaw gasoline, we outlaw cars, I think actually probably the entire U.S. military, because of the Green New Deal, that we are able to explain to our constituents and to people all across this country what that really means. And even when it comes down to something like air travel, which the FAQs say they want to eliminate within the next 10 years, that means the government is going to be telling people where they can fly to and where they can’t."', "Says the Steele dossier was—according to (James Comey's) June 2017 testimony—'salacious and unverified.'", '90 percent of Democrats ... and 77 percent of Republicans support background checks at gun shows.', "Says Foxconn didn't keep a promise to build a plant in Pennsylvania because Pennsylvnia changed governors.", 'Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich is very unpopular.', 'Says Ted Cruz said, There is no place for gays or atheists in my America. None. Our Constitution makes that clear.', 'One out of every 30 people in the Greater Boston area is an illegal alien.', 'Syrian President Bashar al-Assad controls a small fraction of Syria today.', 'Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants.', 'I am the only candidate who ran in either primary who said ‘I will not raise taxes on the middle class.’', 'The diversity visa lottery is plagued by fraud.', 'President Trump “signed an executive order allowing our veterans to get 100% medical bills paid at hospitals other than a V.A. hospital."', 'Seven years later (Scott Walker) has not hit his first campaign promise of creating 250 000 jobs.', '“NAFTA was a defective deal the day it was signed. You know why? Because they had a VAT tax of 17 percent and nobody from this country knew that."', 'The story that came out tonight as reported is false.', 'Recalled saying this about the Charlottesville white nationalist rally: “\'We condemn in the strongest, possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence.\' That’s me speaking on Saturday."', 'A witness will testify against Hillary Clinton.', "Among Syrian refugees, there aren't that many women there aren't that many children.", 'Says Sen. John McCain was caught making highly illegal phone call to foreign country.', 'Hillary Clinton supports unlimited abortion on demand up until the moment of birth including partial-birth abortion with taxpayer funding.', 'Implies former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland called his own record on taxes and jobs “mixed and spotty."', 'Democrats have forced a special election', 'We’ve got the cleanest country in the planet right now. There’s nobody cleaner than us.', 'When asked about equal pay for women (Rubio’s) quote was that it was a waste of time.', 'Says 92 percent of the people agree on DACA.', '“AFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS (and a cost of over $30,000,000), NO COLLUSION!"', 'U.S. Rep. Rashida Tlaib was photographed in front of a picture of Osama bin Laden and an ISIS flag.', 'I did not — I did not — I do not say that. I do not say that" climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese."', 'Says U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy’s 8-year-old son found dead in a dumpster in D.C.', 'Keith Ellison ‘had no additional involvement with March organizer Louis Farrakhan or his organizations"', '“Black men, unarmed, black teenagers, unarmed, and black children, unarmed, are being killed at a frightening level right now, including by members of law enforcement without accountability and without justice."', "Wisconsin's still one of the highest-taxed states in the country.", 'Ashley Moody was a lifelong Democrat." \u200b"', 'We rank 38th in wages. ... (Rick Scott) goes out around the country and advertises that to other states.', 'Wisconsin is dead-last in creating new businesses" for "three years in a row.', 'Said “more than 30 million" small businesses get “a 40 percent cut in their tax rate."', 'Neighbors of the San Bernardino shooters knew that they were talking about trying to take our country and attack it.', 'Says the diversity visa lottery program is a Chuck Schumer beauty.', '“We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries"', 'Did Anderson Cooper Fake a Camera Shot to Make Hurricane Flooding Look Worse That It Was?', 'Says the GOP plan he supports is the biggest tax cut in U.S. history.', 'Says Barack Obama voted for the very same language" of Indiana\'s Religious Freedom Restoration Act when he was in the Illinois state Senate. Sexual orientation "doesn\'t have anything to do with this law.', 'Says Hillary (Clinton) wants to increase the number (of Syrian refugees) by 500 percent.', 'Easing school lunch regulations is not reducing the nutritional standards whatsoever.', 'France wouldn’t buy Texas beef for some reason yet 76 percent of their energy comes from nuclear power.', 'Says (Clinton) called President Assad a ‘reformer.’ She called Assad a ‘different kind of leader.’', 'The Republican tax plans are going to be a job-killer.', 'Texas church shooter was antifa member who vowed to start civil war.', 'I was the deciding vote on abolishing the death penalty in the state of Illinois.', 'Trump ties are made in China not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico not Michigan. Trump furniture in Turkey not Ohio. Trump picture frames in India not Wisconsin.', 'Did Two Russian Informants Set to Testify Against Hillary Clinton Die in the Moscow Plane Crash?', '“Kavanaugh, who could be presiding over a case should the Pres be indicted, thinks that the Pres can’t stand trial. Trump has nominated a get-out-of-jail free card."', 'Says Ronald Reagan was behind in the polls in 1980 going into the debate with Jimmy Carter and then turned around 10 days later and won 40 states.', "Look the media is fake. .. The media is -- really the word I think one of the greatest of all terms I've come up with -- is fake.", 'President Donald Trump’s latest set of sanctions against companies and countries benefiting North Korea includes every nation but one making shipments to (North Korea). The one nation Trump exempted from his punitive ban was . . . wait for it . . . drumroll: Russia.', 'Claimed that “because of Obamacare, premiums on everybody have gone up … whether you’re in an employer-based system or not."', 'The USMCA -- the new trade deal we have with Mexico and Canada -- what we save on that just with Mexico will pay for the wall many times.', 'Says President Donald Trump cut funding from the Justice Department to investigate these domestic terrorist groups these white supremacist groups.', "Many of (Hillary Clinton's) friends took bigger deductions (than me). Warren Buffett took a massive deduction. (George) Soros who is a friend of hers took a massive deduction.", '“General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration — but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that."', 'Mike Coffman is with Trump.', "In the Senate (Mike) DeWine voted with Hillary Clinton to let illegal immigrants receive Social Security. And in Ohio DeWine allowed illegal immigrants to receive driver's licenses.", "Senate GOP plan doesn't raise taxes for Americans earning less than $70,000", 'The impending work stoppage is unlawful.', 'Claimed Toyota\'s $1.3 billion investment in its Georgetown, Kentucky, plant would “not have been made if we didn’t win the election."', 'DACA was a mere memo from the Department of Homeland security under Barack Obama which violated the laws.', 'The New York Times Said Trump Would Be Our BEST President.', '“Look at the jobs numbers that were just released last week -- manufacturing is roaring back."', "Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs human trafficking etc.", 'Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!', 'We got to a point that our Air Force pilots were going to museums to find spare parts over the last eight years" under Barack Obama."', 'The Steele dossier formed an essential part" of a surveillance warrant against a Trump campaign adviser"', 'Because of Obamacare you have so many part-time jobs.', 'Thirty-one percent of school districts are still receiving less funding per pupil than they did prior to the dramatic budget cuts of 2011.', '300 000 pounds of rat meat sold as chicken wings across America.', 'Mexico is paying for the Wall" through the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement."', 'A meme claims to show a Time magazine cover from 1977 warning of the Coming Ice Age.', 'California Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed 2016 wildfire management bill while California burned.', 'They had a permit. The other group didn’t have a permit.', 'Mass shootings went up 200 percent in the decade after the assault weapons ban expired.', 'We ended up getting substantially more [of the black vote] than other [Republican] candidates who had run in the past years.', 'When the wind stops blowing that’s the end of your electric (power). … ‘Darling is the wind blowing today? I’d like to watch television darling.’', 'Now it just came out African Americans and teenagers are now enjoying their lowest unemployment since just after the turn of the millennium. That’s pretty good right?', 'Says Hillary Clinton doesn’t believe in your right to keep a gun at home for self-defense.', 'Large U.S. companies that do business overseas have anywhere from $3 trillion to $5 trillion" in offshore accounts to avoid paying U.S. taxes."', 'Says Scott Walker wants state taxpayers to dole out up to $250 million annually in incentives" to Foxconn "to lure a manufacturing plant to Wisconsin that he claims will generate $181 million in tax revenue.', "[W]e have conflicts. I had a nasty business transaction with Robert Mueller a number of years ago. I said why isn’t that mentioned? He wanted the job as FBI Director. ... and I didn’t give it to him. Why isn't that mentioned.", 'Trump’s tax reform plan was nothing more than a middle-class tax increase.', 'Is Coca-Cola Considering Cannabis-Infused Beverage?', 'This year’s state budget continues to direct millions in taxpayer dollars in advertising to the failing Start-Up NY program', 'Says he saw videotape of the people taking the money off the plane" to pay ransom to Iran for hostages."', 'Says the debates are “rigged" because the Commission on Presidential Debates’ “head guy used to work for Bill Clinton."', 'If Texas were a country our economy would rank # 10...in the WORLD.', 'American aluminum and steel are vital to our national security. ... They are the bedrock of our defense industrial base.', 'Our economy is so much stronger than when (Barack Obama and Joe Biden) took office. Nearly 15 million new private-sector jobs.', '“Thanks to (North Carolina’s) governor and the legislature, the average teacher salary can barely support a family."', 'Says that compared to Rick Baker\'s time as mayor, Kriseman had wet weather events that he did not experience" that caused sewage spills. Baker "went through significant periods of drought during his time as mayor.', 'California to teach kindergarteners there are 15 genders.', '“Sandy Hook alleged victims alive and well!!!"', 'Every taxpayer their taxes are going down except rich people in Manhattan and San Francisco. Some of them their taxes may go up.', 'The Boeing 737 Max 8, the type of plane that crashed in Ethiopia, continues to fly in the United States, despite the FAA saying software updates are likely coming.', 'During his governorship: Every single city and county in Virginia their unemployment dropped and in most of the rural communities it dropped more than 50 percent.', 'the Obama administration’s 2013 Syria airstrike proposal had no clear objective " while Trump’s Syria strike "had a clear strategic objective.', 'We’re paying more for health care. A lot more.', '“83 percent of the benefits go to the top 1 percent" under the GOP tax law.', 'Says Austin is creating more jobs than any other city in the country.', '“State Dept represents America to the world, so our team should reflect the millions of Americans outside the Boston-DC corridor."', 'Canada is a smaller segment" in terms of trade than Mexico."', 'Colin Kaepernick immediately loses Nike endorsement after anti-white rant.', 'In 2017 the number of new business registrations in West Virginia grew nearly 11 percent (8 318 new businesses registered for the year). This comes off the heels of a 12 percent increase in new business registrations during 2016.', 'Honduras bans citizens from owning guns" and has the "highest homicide rate in the entire world." Switzerland with a similar population "requires citizens to own guns" and has the "lowest homicide rate in the entire world.', 'More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers!', "Says Adolf Hitler didn't even sink to the level of using chemical weapons. ... He was not using the gas on his own people the same way that (Bashar al-)Assad is doing.", 'Most Americans don’t own stocks.', 'Says Donald Trump doesn’t have to comply with a subpoena because “he’s the president of the United States."', "Says Donald Trump thinks a grown man pretending to be a woman (should) be allowed to use the women's restroom.", 'In one year, the United Nations did 24 resolutions and 20 of them were against Israel.', 'The National Rifle Association “loses as many races as it wins."', 'In America today women on average are paid 80 cents on the dollar of what men are paid for the same work.', 'Quotes Donald Trump as saying in 2013, “A shutdown falls on the President’s lack of leadership. He can’t even control his own party and get people together in a room. A shutdown means the president is weak."', 'Says Paul Ryan backs a proposal that would be a bailout" of Puerto Rico."', 'I think what the authors of the (25th) Amendment principally had in mind was some kind of physical incapacitation or serious mental illness or a breakdown an inability to function in office.', 'The murder rate in our country is the highest it’s been in 47 years.', 'The city of Minneapolis has set up a Sharia hotline for residents to report citizens who criticize Islam in order to prosecute them for ‘hate crimes.’', '“Today, the typical woman who works full-time earns 79 cents for every dollar that a typical man makes."', 'Say Buzz Aldrin passes UFO lie detector test leaving experts convinced that he encountered alien life.', '“Big rooftop solar\'s plan forces Nevada families who don’t have solar panels to pay higher power bills to subsidize rooftop solar."', 'Georgia becomes first state to ban Muslim culture in historic move to restore Western values.', '“If you look at any real analysis," the Trans-Pacific Partnership is “going to generate better-paying jobs that are more stable."', 'Says Hillary Clinton once said the average Democrat voter is just plain stupid they’re easy to manipulate.', 'The majority of Georgians incarcerated in local jails have never been convicted of crime. They are simply too poor to pay their bail.', 'Says Queen Elizabeth said, Muslim refugees are dividing nationality I fully agree with Donald Trump we should deport them to avoid bloody terrorist attacks.', 'The Trump administration has denied almost half of the Venezuelan applicants looking for asylum in the U.S.', 'Says his conviction is a political witch hunt by holdovers in the Obama justice department.', '“Human traffickers and sex traffickers take advantage of the wide-open areas between our ports of entry to smuggle thousands of young girls and women into the United States and to sell them into prostitution and modern-day slavery."', 'George Soros Paid 3 Democrats Millions To Vote For Shutdown.', 'Did Trump fire a Muslim judge for imposing sharia law?', 'Bernie Sanders Wins California Landslide But ⅔ of his Votes Aren’t Counted.', "If the Dow Joans ever falls more than 1000 ‘points’ in a Single Day the sitting president should be 'loaded' into a very big cannon and Shot into the sun at TREMENDOUS SPEED! No excuses!", 'Under the House Republican tax proposal, the average family of four earning median income ($59 000/year) will receive an additional $1 182 in their pocket every year.', '“What we have is a country here in the United States, which has the lowest tariffs in the world, lowest non-tariff barriers in the world."', 'Donald Trump dead from a fatal heart attack!', 'Alabama is operating government on the lowest amount of tax revenue of any state in the nation.', 'Chicago now has City ID Cards which allow illegal immigrants to vote in local state & federal elections.', 'In the House Republican bill, 70 percent of the tax relief goes to those families making less than 200 000.', 'No fracking waste is being dumped in New York State', 'Just in the Austin MSA alone 150 people move here every day.', 'Less than half" of jobs at the Carrier manufacturing plant in Indiana "are actually staying.', 'The Cleveland police has issued a stand down order to officers.', 'More than 260 000 Americans are employed by the domestic solar industry — three times as many workers as employed by the entire coal mining industry.', 'A proposed constitutional amendment will pave the way for making abortion illegal under North Carolina’s constitution.', 'Says “30,000 veterans in North Carolina have no health insurance."', 'Says Amy McGrath wants to fund more welfare for people who can work but don’t.', 'Says at his confirmation hearing Brett Kavanaugh said birth control methods could be considered abortion-inducing drugs.', 'Says Tammy Baldwin wants to require children starting at age 5 to learn about gay sex!', 'Mark Harris worked to stop Trump from being president.', 'Says detained immigrant parents separated from their children at the border are being charged as much as $8 dollars a minute to call their children.', 'Florida is now the only state in the nation to tax commercial leases.', 'Says Danny Tarkanian is NRA ‘F’ Rated.', 'How to Survive The Coming Ice Age" was a Time magazine cover story in 1977."', 'United Technologies and Carrier stepped it up and now they’re keeping — actually the number’s over 1 100 people which is so great.', 'Says three research universities came out and said (CPS is) the best public school system in the United States of a major urban system.', 'We were able to get the Syrian government to voluntarily and verifiably give up its chemical weapons stockpile.', '“Never has there been a president, with few exceptions — case of FDR, he had a major depression to handle — who has passed more legislation and who has done more things than what we’ve done."', '“Iran’s supreme leader has issued a fatwa against the development of nuclear weapons."', 'Florida is ranked 50th in the nation for mental health care funding.', 'I think we\'re actually ahead" on legalizing marijuana for recreational use in New York state."', 'The world is starting to respect the United States of America again.', 'And the FAKE NEWS winners are…', "(Barack Obama) says he’s going to reduce the long-term debt and deficit by $4 trillion doesn’t say how he's going to do it.", 'Says all North Carolina teachers do not currently get a duty free lunch break.', 'Says Susana Mendoza is a supporter of the death penalty who could administer it herself and ‘...sleep like a baby at night…’', 'In the history of Republican primaries I’ve gotten the most votes in the history of the Republican party.', 'BREAKING: Michael Jordan Resigns From The Board At Nike-Takes ‘Air Jordans’ With Him', 'Says Roy Moore said a practicing Muslim should not be a member of Congress because of his faith.', 'Sen. (Richard) Burr voted no on the Violence Against Women Act.', 'Does George Soros Own a Voting-Machine Company?', 'A photo caption claims: No This Is Not Woodstock- This Is A Trump Rally In Pennsylvania Yesterday!', 'Border Patrol agents were caught on film destroying supplies left to help migrants', '“Nate McMurray lobbied to send our jobs to China. (And Korea too.)"', 'Seniors can be charged five times what anybody else is charged for health care for pre-existing conditions" under the Republican health care bill."', 'There were 76 deaths in three years" at the Buffalo Psychiatric Center"', 'Said he is “very proud" that “on my watch" there are “more women in the workforce today than ever before."', 'The abuses were all over. As just one example people were forbidden from giving or receiving religious items at a military hospital where our brave service members were being treated and when they wanted those religious items. ... They were precluded from getting them.', 'South Florida ranks No. 1 in the gap between wages and housing.', 'Two U.S. senators were charged with trying to impeach President Donald Trump under false pretenses.', 'The Notebook is finally getting a sequel. Producers of the upcoming film confirmed .... that filming will begin in Jacksonville North Carolina this summer.', 'The current city mayor (Kasim Reed) has been virtually absent in terms of regional cooperation the last eight years.', 'There is no reason for these massive deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor.', 'Says Gary Johnson and the Libertarian Party want to get rid of the public school system.', "We've repealed regulations for the first time in 20 years using the Congressional Review Act -- three regulations that were going to cost the economy hundreds of millions of dollars and tens of thousands of jobs.", 'Illegal immigration costs our country more than $113 billion a year.', 'Viral image claims to show Mexican official being dragged by the caravan.', "Hillary Clinton has already said she's going to wipe out the Second Amendment. She doesn't believe in the First Amendment. And she also believes in big government which flies in the face of the 10th Amendment", 'The Iran nuclear deal is putting billions of dollars back into a country that’s the world’s largest supporter of terrorism. We are actually giving them the money to fund the terrorists that are killing us and our allies.', 'West Virginia has the highest overdose rate per capita of any state in our nation.', "Says Florida's economy is largely propped up on low-wage work.", 'Gavin Newsom separated families and deported children before he was against it.', 'Says that compared to direct sales by manufacturers, consumers save avg of $500 per car sold through franchised dealer model.', 'In 2014 Mexico alone received over $24 billion in remittances sent from the U.S. while other South and Central American countries received over 15 percent of their (gross domestic product) in the form of remittances.', "When President Trump was at Moscow (for the Miss Universe pageant in 2013) I didn't even know that he was in Moscow.", 'In seven years that (nuclear) deal will have expired and Iran is free to go ahead and create nuclear weapons.', 'Says Hillary Clinton called the Trans-Pacific Partnership “the gold standard. You called it the gold standard of trade deals. You said it’s the finest deal you’ve ever seen."', '“In 2009, pre-Hillary, ISIS was not even on the map."', 'When I became mayor of Los Angeles we had a 44 percent (high school) graduation rate. I said that was unacceptable. I challenged that notion. I said the mayor needs to be involved with our schools. We need to partner together. As I left after a number of reforms we grew our graduation rate from 44 percent to 72.', 'Says Whoopi Goldberg wore a shirt that shows Donald Trump firing a gun at himself', 'Pope Francis: All Dogs Go to Heaven', 'A photograph shows Subtropical Storm Alberto approaching Pensacola Beach in Florida.', 'A 15-year-old girl named Rosemary Gullett is missing from her Portland, Oregon, home.', 'Walmart placed a sign urging kids to "own the school year like a hero" right over a gun display.', 'Peachtree and Pine is one of the leading sites for tuberculosis in the nation.', 'An increased number of men have contracted homosexuality after eating ‘pastel colored Easter eggs.’', 'As governor, I will implement a total gift ban for executive branch employees to send a strong signal to Georgians that we will not be subject to undue influence.', 'Smithsonian Admits Destroying Giant Human Skeletons', 'Caitlyn Jenner Running For Political Office?', 'Global warming is a hoax.', 'Says that as president, Barack Obama has not gone to the Texas-Mexico border', 'Marc Molinaro "has cut taxes, his budget now is lower than it was six years ago" in Dutchess County', 'Indiana Muslims are appalled by a billboard displaying a list of deeds by the Prophet Muhammad even though it is accurate.', 'Forty-three million Americans are on food stamps.', 'We have billions in surplus.', 'Every year the state loses 8,000-10,000 acres of land in bear country.', 'Soros Letter Reveals Plot to ‘Take Down Borders’ with Migrant Caravan Invasions', 'Jessica Simpson Third “Baby On Board” Claim Is Tru', 'Not a single banker, a CEO from Wall Street, anyone from corporate America — nobody, (there was) not one arrest of any of these people who brought down the economy in 2008.', '“Robert Mueller resigns after Clinton and Obama’s treachery is revealed.”', 'Before the presidential campaign, "I didn\'t know Steve (Bannon)."', 'Donald Trump donated food and supplies to Lumberton, North Carolina, and other towns ravaged by Hurricane Matthew.', 'The ABS data was fitted by Associate Professor Olivier to a time series interrupted by the ABCC.', 'Cher Angry At Robert De Niro Over Restaurant Snub?', 'Last month, we saw a 64 percent reduction in illegal immigration on our southern border.', 'Finally, I will continue to fight against Republicans like Martina White, who like Trump, wants to deport all of our hard working immigrant brothers and sisters and white wash America.', "Disney animators drew Jessica Rabbit without underwear in a few frames of 'Who Framed Roger Rabbit.'", 'Will "pool the costs of energy efficiency projects from multiple property owners to deliver special financing rates to make energy efficiency projects that save energy and money."', 'I’ve got a 94 percent career voting record in Congress while Bill Nelson has "a 92 percent voting record."', 'Straight Ticket Voting On 06 November 2012 US General Election', 'Secretly, unbeknownst to members of Congress, over $105 billion was hidden in the Obamacare legislation.', 'Is BJP’s Claim of Having Highest Women MLAs In UP True? A FactCheck', 'According to a recent study from the University of California Riverside, (sanctuary) cities with these policies have more violent crime on average than those that don’t.', 'Focus on Amber Alerts', 'Says Democratic candidate for state school superintendent Alisha Thomas Morgan voted to slash funding for the preschool programs for disabled and special needs students.', 'A Koch brothers group is "going to college campuses, giving away free booze to try to bribe young folks out of getting health insurance."', 'U.S. One of Just 30 Countries With Birthright Citizenship', 'Regarding the Iraq War, "I was the one that said, ‘Don’t go, don’t do it, you’re going to destabilize the Middle East.’ "', 'Only 60 of 1,566 Churches in Houston Opened to Help Hurricane Harvey Victims?', 'President Trump shut down American airports on 4 July 2017.', 'Democrats failed to flip the Wisconsin state Senate because recall elections were in the "deepest red districts in the state."', 'Beyonce Reuniting With Destiny’s Child At Coachella, ', 'NASA Warns of 15 Days of Darkness in November 2017', 'Says "sixty-two percent of small businesses over the last five years went under because they couldn\'t pay their health care bills."', 'Fact Check TV: The All-Tax Edition', 'President Donald "Trump’s latest set of sanctions against companies and countries benefiting North Korea includes every nation but one making shipments to (North Korea). The one nation Trump exempted from his punitive ban was . . . wait for it . . . drumroll: Russia."', 'The first (state) budget that came out of our Republican leadership slashed funding to Planned Parenthood...It resulted in the reduction of hours, the elimination of days, elimination of access to women in my city and all over my state.', "Will build on America's unparalleled talent to create new drugs, vaccines, and diagnostic tests and to manufacture these vital products much more quickly and efficiently than is now possible.", "Development of a Master Property Utilization Plan that will clearly and transparently lay out a new vision for state-owned properties. This plan will conceive of the Pastore Complex in Cranston as a centrally located, mass-transit-accessible 'government services mall,' supported by three regional hubs in Blackstone Valley, Bristol County and South County.", "A Noah's Ark exhibit at a Christian theme park in Kentucky was destroyed by a flood.", 'A photograph shows John Lennon playing the guitar on the hood of a truck with "Star Trek" actor Leonard Nimoy.', 'The claim: Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia is not "ahead of the pack" by proposing to strip Australian citizenship from dual nationals who are fighting with terrorist groups. He says countries like the UK, US, New Zealand, France and Canada have similar laws.', 'Lady Gaga is Moving to Utica, New York', 'Will, as one of his first acts as county executive, "order a comprehensive audit of county land and building assets, identify those that are unneeded or underused, and then deliver a plan to transform those assets into job generators."', '14,000 Americans . . . lose their health insurance every single day.', 'Under a proposed Georgia law, "women who miscarry could become felons."', 'The number of Americans who receive means-tested government benefits -- welfare -- now outnumbers those who are year-round full-time workers.', 'The claim: Christopher Pyne says a VIP Boeing business jet flight from Perth to Canberra taken by a group of WA Liberal MPs was probably cheaper than a commercial flight.', 'Facebook Posts Warn Against Getting the Flu Shot', 'Polls now show a majority of Catholics favor marriage equality.', "President Donald Trump's 2018 budget proposal calls for cuts in benefits to highly disabled veterans", "There's not one Democrat who endorses the Romney-Ryan Medicare plan.", 'Girl Scouts of America Allows Transgender Youth to Join', 'The federal health care plan "costs Texas taxpayers $2.4 billion per year."', 'Bank of America in Arizona Turned Away Business With Firearms Manufacturer', 'Giving a committee chair’s stipend in the New York State Senate to another member of that committee "has been, in fact, a legislative practice for decades."', 'Increase funding to expand community based preventive interventions to help Americans make better choices to improve their health.', 'Statement: “San Diego’s average tax revenue generated per business is $79, far lower than any other major California city. San Francisco, for example, averages $5,253 per business,” a summary of the Citizens Revenue Review and Economic Competitiveness Commission’s report, from The San Diego Union Tribune, Nov. 29.', 'Tom Hanks Endorses Donald Trump', 'On present trends, Indonesia will be the number four economy in the world by mid-century.', 'Britney Spears Planning “Secret Wedding,” ', 'The federal government owns tens of thousands of properties that are vacant or underused.', 'Cicilline "continues to accept hundreds of thousands of dollars in lobbyist, corporate PAC and insider money to fund his campaign."', 'Vladimir Putin Describes President Obama', "Steve Southerland did not pay his taxes in '05, '06, '07, '08 or '09.", 'Ezekiel Wilekenmeyer Williams, Biological Father of Obama Daughters, Sues Obamas', 'Rand Paul wants "to end all federal faith-based initiatives, and even end the deduction for religious charities."', 'Butch and Eddie O’Hare', 'How Many Rural Tanzanians Have\xa0Power?', 'Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, missed "79 percent of veterans affairs committee hearings."', 'A nightclub in Amsterdam is hosting a "Blood Rave" event with real blood.', 'A 30-year-old woman was partially buried during a funeral service in 1915, only to be found alive inside the coffin by her grieving sister.', 'Canadians face major donut shortage after first day of cannabis legalization.', "When we've got CEOs making more in 10 minutes than ordinary workers are making in a year ... then something is wrong.", 'Rick Scott supports extending sovereign immunity to physicians acting on behalf of the Department of Health, as already provided to those acting as agents of the Department of Corrections, and providing some measure of indemnification to those physicians who primarily treat Medicare and Medicaid patients.', "Hillary Clinton is (or was) a member of Monsanto's board of directors.", 'Under Gov. Rick Perry’s leadership [Texas] has created more jobs over the last decade than the rest of the states combined.', 'Scott Walker has even removed the 250,000 jobs promise from his website.', 'Did Chuck Schumer’s Daughter Break Her Silence About Her Dad’s Affair with a High School Cheerleader?', 'Katy Perry Pressuring Robert Pattinson To Get Married?', 'Fancy paint job on American helicopter in Afghanistan?', 'The Cliff Diver and Great White Shark', "Rick Scott backs Arizona's (immigration) law. He'll bring it to Florida.", 'Says "Barack Obama has gone from blaming George W. Bush to plagiarizing George W. Bush."', "The claim: Greens Higher Education spokeswoman Lee Rhiannon says the Government's plan to charge interest of up to 6 per cent on student debts constitutes a broken contract.", 'Jamie Foxx ‘Betrayed’ Katie Holmes By ‘Flirting’ With Mystery Blonde?', 'The son of a Milwaukee funeral home owner constructed a "sex doll" out of parts taken from the bodies taken to his parents\' business.', 'Obama would "experiment with socialism."', 'Sherrod Brown and his special interest allies in Washington are plotting to spend over $13 million to defeat Josh Mandel.', 'Siamese Pike Photograph', 'In his campaign launch speech on August 25, 2013, Tony Abbott promised to give apprentices access to a $20,000 loan under a Coalition government.', 'An video shows a woman "stealing" an item from a child shopper on Black Friday.', 'Somewhere in the U.S. is a haunted house attraction so scary that no visitor has ever completed a tour of it.', 'Bill Gates Admits to Chemtrails', 'Did the NRA Ban Guns at Their Own Leadership Forum?', 'Get a Free $75 Aldi Coupon', '359lb Louisiana Grouper', 'It is impossible to cancel recurring donations to the Donald Trump presidential campaign.', '[Tailpipe emissions rules], if fully implemented with all the regulations that go with it, they will keep the temperature from rising nearly five one-hundredths of a degree Fahrenheit. By 2050.', 'Kardashians Jealous Of Jennifer Lawrence’s Relationship With Kris Jenner?', 'FACT CHECK: Pelosi Says Reagan And Bush Protected More Illegal Immigrants Than Obama', "San Diego's Urban Legends: Help Us Track Them Down", 'It is a greater crime to have an untagged alligator than to host an open house party (for kids).', 'Recovered e-mails belonging to former secretary of state Hillary Clinton have revealed plans to seize guns from Republicans on 8 November 2016.', 'Says Congressman Steve Rothman voted against funding for President Barack Obama’s auto bailout and would have let automakers go bankrupt.', 'Facebook releasing members photos to third party advertisers', 'Manufacturing wages today in America on a per-hour basis are actually a bit lower than average wages in the economy as a whole.', 'A "daith piercing" can cure migraine headaches.', 'The Real Reason Wheat is Toxic', 'The Israelis "gave up 1,000 terrorists in return for one sergeant."', 'Third Graders in Kansas Test Positive for Ebola', 'Terry McAuliffe has "threatened to shut down Virginia’s government if his budget plan isn’t supported."', 'In a debate on Oct. 20 at West Salem High School, the now re-elected representative for the 94th District Assembly seat, Democrat Steve Doyle, along with Republican Julian Bradley defended their stances on expanding the state voucher program. Doyle argued that the current system, which is mostly limited to the Milwaukee and Racine school districts, doesn’t need to expand because it would take away funds from quality public school districts in the process. “But we don’t have failing schools in western Wisconsin; we have good, quality schools,” Doyle said.” Are all of the public schools in western Wisconsin meeting state-level standards, as Doyle claimed? ', 'Muslims Demand Removal of “The Perfect Man” Billboard', 'Although we have twice the population of Greece, the state of Florida employs three times fewer government employees.', 'Most people on Medicaid are kids, or seniors, or the disabled.', 'Does Rubbing Vicks VapourRub on Your Feet Relieve Coughing?', 'VERAfied: A DIY guide to fact checking and fighting fake news', 'Says Romney and Ryan "both backed proposals that would outlaw abortions even in cases of rape or incest."', 'Missouri Republicans passed a bill to lower the minimum wage in St. Louis from $10 an hour to $7.70.', 'Ghazala Khan wore a hijab at the DNC as a political stunt and was depicted alongside President Obama without one in an earlier photograph.', "Photograph shows Hercules, the world's biggest dog.", 'When Honduran children came into this country, "Secretary Clinton said send them back."', 'Sylvester Stallone Death', 'Says John Cox "parroted, parroted Trump — almost verbatim — on the children’s separation issues at the border."', 'Says Andrew Gillum "wants to increase Florida taxes by a billion dollars."', 'Hillary Clinton wants to "wave the white flag of surrender and set a date for withdrawal."', 'Did a White House Intern Make the ‘White Power’ Hand Gesture?', 'The former Alabama state Attorney general, Bill Baxley, once told a Ku Klux Klan Grand Dragon "kiss my ass" in response to threats.', 'Chris Martin “Planning” For Dakota Johnson To Meet Gwyneth Paltrow, ', 'Says U.S. Rep. Charles Bass wants to privatize Social Security.', 'Our average private sector employee pays 23 percent for their health care. Our average city worker in Ohio pays 9 percent.', 'Proposed fast-track legislation allows presidents to "easily use a future trade deal to override our domestic financial rules."', 'The new Apple Watch Series 4 includes "the first ECG product offered over-the-counter directly to consumers."', '“I am delighted to note that since 2015 our imports of rice have dropped by 90%.”', 'One would have to go back more than a century to find a scenario where a president’s nominee for the Supreme Court was confirmed by the opposition party in the Senate when the vacancy occurred during an election year.', "Rudy Giuliani Makes A Claim About Reagan. Let's Fact-Check It", 'Says "the area damaged by Hurricane Sandy represents roughly 10 percent of our nation\'s economy."', 'Immediately terminate President Obama’s two illegal executive amnesties (Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents and Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals). All immigration laws will be enforced -- we will triple the number of ICE agents. Anyone who enters the U.S. illegally is subject to deportation. That is what it means to have laws and to have a country.', "The Civil War wasn't about slavery.", 'Says "74 percent of small-business people believe that Obamacare is a bad idea."', 'Foreign toothpaste at U.S. discount stores', 'The Pentagon awarded United Airlines a contract to forcibly remove Bashar al-Assad from Syria.', 'Says Marco Rubio "went on Univision, and in Spanish he promised that he would not on the first day in office rescind President Obama\'s illegal executive action."', 'February 2009: Parliamentary joint committee inquiry into "Financial products and services", final report November 2009.', 'The Svalbard Global Seed Vault, built to maintain Earth’s botanical genetic diversity in the face of future calamities, flooded due to melting permafrost.', 'Says U.S. Senate opponent Tommy Thompson "personally made over $3 million" from a federal contract granted to his healthcare company, but left 9/11 first responders "without the care they were promised."', 'Says in Chicago, "we take more guns off the streets than New York or L.A."', 'NASA prepping 17-year-old Alyssa Carson to become first human on Mars.', 'In their quest to make Minnesota a more attractive place to retire, a group of Republican state senators drafted a bill that would eliminate taxes on Social Security. To make their case, bill sponsor Sen. David Senjem, R-Rochester, said most states don’t tax the elderly or their benefits. “Thirty-eight states don’t tax us at all. Twenty-nine states of those states have by purpose eliminated the Social Security tax… Seven states, including Minnesota, do tax Social Security.” As it turns out, Minnesota is an outlier. ', ' "Last week, Finance Canada actually announced that the federal government had a $7.5 billion surplus. It is the fourth time that officials at Finance Canada have actually confirmed that we left them with a surplus, and that is because of our strong fiscal management and the fact that we are prudent on balanced budgets." Conservative finance critic Lisa Raitt.', 'House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi “came out in favor of MS-13” and was “trying to find all sorts of reasons why they should be able to stay.”', 'Distracted driving such as texting behind the wheel is behind a rise in traffic deaths on Georgia roadways this year.', 'Minnesota’s "advantage" in economic growth has been having "Republicans in charge of at least one part of government" for all but two years, while Wisconsin Democrats "for many years" before 2011 controlled both legislative chambers and the governorship.', 'Kate Middleton “Irritated” With Meghan Markle’s “Copycat Style”?', 'Inventor “burns” salt water with radio waves?', 'Senator Barack Obama is a Moslem', 'Says that as Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney "condemned coal-fired plants, saying they kill people."', 'House Bill 330 "grants immunity from liability to motorists who strike protesters."', 'Residents in Waco, Texas booed Bill Nye The Science Guy for saying that the moon reflects light from the sun.', 'Modi Vs Gandhi: Twitter Analytics Reveal Fake Followers Plague Both Handles', 'Due to the recent downturn in steel production, more than 13,600 Americans have been laid off and the steel industry is facing billions in losses.', 'When Roy Barnes was governor, "Georgia created 235,000 jobs."', 'Statement: “Less than half our kids aren’t graduating” from the San Diego Unified School District, Eric Christen, executive director of Coalition for Fair Employment in Construction, said on the KPBS program These Days on Oct. 14.', 'The House Republican health care bill "guts protections against massive price hikes for Georgians with pre-existing conditions."', 'Donald Trump leveled the same criticisms against President Barack Obama over Syrian strikes that were later used against him.', 'A bill backed by Sean Duffy and other House Republicans "could actually require the Internal Revenue Service to conduct audits of rape victims" who get an abortion.', 'Says Sen. Richard Blumenthal said he served in Vietnam in "Da Nang Province. Soldiers dying left and right as we battled up the hill." And "then he cried when (the press) caught him."', 'There was never a single shred of evidence presented to anyone that the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, were "spontaneous, and in fact, the CIA themselves understood that early on."', 'Popular substance in cold medications pulled from the shelves', 'Says President Barack Obama is trying to "pack" the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.', 'The restaurant steak contaminated by urine', 'An Environmental Protection Agency regulation that goes into effect Jan. 1, 2012, regulates dust.', 'Mitch McConnell said he would block the appointment of a special counsel to investigate Russian election interference', 'The "48, 49 percent" that supports President Barack Obama are "people who pay no income tax."', 'The U.S. "tax rate on successful small businesses is 44.6 percent," while the business tax rate in Canada is 15 percent.', 'Progesterex - Sterility Date Rape Drug', 'At Twin River, "we\'re more than competitive" with nearby casinos in slot machine payouts.', 'In contrast to President Barack Obama, who "is not acting presidential," President Ronald Reagan "would never go into the Oval Office without his jacket on — that\'s how much he revered the presidency."', 'California gubernatorial candidate Steve Poizner, a Republican, "gave $10,000 to Al Gore\'s recount" effort in 2000.', 'In Cranston, it costs $5,000 to $6,000 to send out community notifications on just one Level 3 sex offender.', 'Get a Free Pizza From Pizza Hut', 'President Obama will now own 60 percent of GM, and his union buddies will own almost 20 percent.', 'Since Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker took office, "we are losing jobs at rates not seen in decades."', 'Today, we (in Pennsylvania) have higher unemployment and lower job growth than most.', 'Barack Obama and the National Anthem', 'Says he has a plan for "$1 billion in tax relief for Illinois."', 'President George Bush Makes a Surprise Visit to Returning U.S. Troops', 'Fact Check TV: Lifeguard Training and DeMaio', 'In a speech Oct. 13 in Dumaguete City, Duterte said:', 'Did the Mayor of Minneapolis Cancel 4th of July Fireworks But Allow a Muslim Animal Sacrifice at Vikings Stadium?', 'Medicaid is close to 30 percent of the state budget and "the biggest expenditure at the state."', 'The movie "Finding Dory" features a transgender stingray named StingRhonda.', "We saw the true danger of the FCC's net neutrality repeal when Verizon was caught throttling California fire fighters.", 'The vice president of Pfizer said human papillomavirus vaccine Gardasil is "deadly."', 'I’ve been reducing the number of Democratic Texas Senate committee "chairs since I came in" as lieutenant governor.', 'In 2017, ICE "arrested more than 127,000 illegal immigrants with criminal convictions or facing charges of breaking our nation\'s’ laws," and removed nearly 5,000 gang members.', 'Congress is Getting a $20,000 Raise in 2018, Social Security Payments Going up $2 Per Month', 'By the time I left the State Department, "economic growth was up and opium production was down" in Afghanistan, while "infant mortality declined" and school enrollment rose by more than sevenfold.', 'Education Week rates Ohio schools in the top five in the nation.', 'Says that in 2011, Oregon had "the second fastest growing economy in the nation."', 'Senate Bill 2219 to Regulate Media That Insults or Offends Islam in U.S.', 'Brad Pitt Has “Moved On” To Jennifer Lawrence, ', 'After students choose a program or major, they will choose a morning or evening schedule instead of picking individual courses.', 'THIS WEEK IN FAKE NEWS: Mark Zuckerberg will delete Facebook', 'On (Rob Portman\'s) watch as Bush\'s trade czar, our deficit with China exploded and "as Bush\'s budget chief, Portman oversaw a spending spree that doubled the deficit."', 'When Hillary Clinton "ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State Department, $6 billion was either stolen — they don\'t know."', "VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Bato Dela Rosa 'murder' at BuCor", 'Bill Clinton fathered an illegitimate, mixed-race son named Danney Williams with an Arkansas prostitute in 1985.', 'Scott Disick, Sofia Richie Having Baby To Get Back At Kardashians?', '“For every one person receiving treatment [in 2000], there are 17 who have it today. That means we have increased 17 times at least, the number of people treated.”', 'In 2017 and 2018, teenage boys widely purchased and used a urethra-covering adhesive band called the Jiftip.', 'Alton Sterling was a member of the Bloods gang and had a lengthy criminal record.', 'Musician Ringo Starr admitted that Paul McCartney passed away in 1966 and was replaced by a lookalike.', 'John F. Kennedy posed a speculative question about what would happen if God were black.', 'Advanced Russian fighters found in the sand in Iraq', 'Scott Disick Banned From Seeing Kids Following Psychiatric Hold, ', 'No doctors who went to an American medical school will be accepting Obamacare.', '“We opened at least one new school a week in the Eastern Cape last year [2013] and will continue to eradicate mud schools and other inappropriate structures.”', 'Rep. Maxine Waters is facing ethics violations charges for improperly setting up a meeting between officials from the Treasury and OneUnited bank.', 'Bob Lonsberry on Two Americas', 'January through November 2014, the year so far, were the hottest first 11 months of any year recorded.', 'Clinton Foundation Buys $137 Million in Illegal Arms for Post Election', '“Survivor” Recap: Who Was Voted Out Fourth On “Heroes v. Healers v. Hustlers”?', 'First Lady Michelle Obama’s Fashion Statement at Kids Choice Awards', 'That\'s legal: If you find out about somebody else\'s salary even if you\'re doing exactly the same job, you can be retaliated against" or fired.', '“Nearly 500 informal settlements have been replaced with quality housing and basic services over the past five years.”', 'Sen. Tim Kaine responded to news of a machete attack at Ohio State University by tweeting that he was deeply saddened by the senseless act of "gun violence."', 'The House of Representatives just voted 300-131 to remove ‘country-of-origin labeling’ on chicken, pork, and beef sold in the U.S.', 'Jim Renacci tried to avoid paying taxes on nearly $14 million that he made.', 'Says that according to a report, "the tech sector now drives more than one-quarter of Austin’s economy."', 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Website recycles report on senior citizen pensions', 'We moved 100 times as many people out of poverty as moved out when President (Ronald) Reagan was in office, with 40 percent more jobs.', 'Was the Florida School Shooter a Registered Democrat?', 'The claim: Tony Abbott says "normal international law" is that if asylum seeker boats are rescued in a country\'s search and rescue zone, that country has an obligation to take them.', 'Right now, Texas doesn’t have an income tax and Oklahoma’s lowering their income tax rates, and guess what their severance tax is? Sky high.', 'A photograph captures a young Barack Obama as a Black Panther party member.', 'Over the years the lottery funds have been diverted away from the original educational purpose. ... I’ll work to reform lottery spending and maximize our education dollars by putting a stop to legislators raiding lottery proceeds.', 'Barack Obama and Joe Biden will convene a summit in 2009 (and regularly thereafter) of leaders of Permanent Members of the UN Security Council and other key countries to agree on implementing many of these measures on a global basis.', "We have a governor who's vetoed measures like increasing our minimum wage and restoring the earned income tax cut.", "Last week's three most-viewed television programs were Sunday Night Football, Thursday Night Football and Monday Night Football.", 'Georgia still has one of the richest programs in terms of scholarships for students to go to college.', 'The claim: Tony Abbott says over 100,000 new jobs have been created since the end of last year.', 'Accidents are down 50 percent and injury accidents are down 60 percent in the rebuilt Marquette Interchange in Milwaukee.', 'FACT CHECK: Does Planned Parenthood Get Over $500 Million A Year In Government Funding?', "George LeMieux voted against the majority of Republicans and joined with Democrats to create a 'Task Force For Responsible Fiscal Action' that looks strikingly similar to the 'Super Committee' now being set up in Washington to justify massive tax hikes.", "Bob McDonnell will establish Virgina as a Green Jobs Zone' to incentivize companies to create quality green jobs. Qualified businesses would be eligible to receive an income tax credit equal to $500 per position created per year for the first five years (up to 350 jobs annually).'", 'Says "Mimi Walters raised taxes on middle-class Californians."', 'On high-speed rail.', 'The National Science Foundation awarded $700,000 to fund a climate change musical.', 'Nichole Morgan Friend Request Hacker', 'Halliburton defrauded American taxpayers of "hundreds of millions of dollars in Iraq."', '“Dance of the Hillary Virus” Warnings Spread on Social Media', 'In August 2018, "liberals" started a GoFundMe campaign to raise murder suspect Cristhian Rivera\'s $5,000,000 bail.', 'Did Christine Blasey Ford Make a Sexual Assault Accusation Against Neil Gorsuch?', "Bolton Says It's ‘Pretty Silly' To Ask Putin To Hand Russians Over To Mueller - Here's Why", 'Thomas Jefferson said "When the speech condemns a free press, you are hearing the words of a tyrant."', 'In a Feb. 17 speech in Baguio City, before members of the Philippine Military Academy (PMA) Class ‘67, Duterte said:', 'Woolworths Free $300 Grocery Coupon', 'Beyonce Did Leak Photos Of Twins To “Ruin” Kim Kardashian’s Baby Shower, ', 'Were Two Black Real Estate Agents Arrested for Waiting at a Starbucks?', 'We have spent $350 million to deal with sea-level rise in the Miami area and "hundreds of millions of dollars to deal with coral reefs."', 'Clint Eastwood Wins Appeal to Overturn “R” Rating For “The 15:17 to Paris”', 'A "majority in every state favors path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants."', 'Sinclair Lewis said "When fascism comes to America it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross."', 'No one was taken into custody for feeding the homeless.', 'Walmart Closes 5 Stores Because of Plumbing Issues, Speculation Ensues', 'Picture of a U.S. soldier shaking hands with Hillary Clinton but not happy about it', 'Nobody on Medicaid will have their benefits taken away.', 'A video depicts Mike Brown assaulting an elderly man over a stolen backpack.', 'Does a Photograph Show Ivanka Trump with Vladimir Putin and Wendi Murdoch?', 'Remember, Obamacare created a new category of eligibility. Working-age, able-bodied adults with no dependents for the first time became eligible for Medicaid if their income is below 138 percent of the poverty level. We’re going to continue that eligibility. No one loses coverage.', 'Do one in five Scots children leave primary school ‘functionally illiterate’?', 'The measles vaccine has killed 108 people in the last decade, while no one has died of measles.', 'Says Ellen Rosenblum "has said over and over again that this is a job where 80 percent of the job is being the government’s lawyer."', 'X-rays document a man in China whose body became riddled with tapeworms due to his consumption of sashimi.', 'Last year, "we saw the first reduction in the federal prison population in 32 years."', 'The Bundy Ranch deal is all about Nevada Sen. Harry Reid "using federal violence to take people’s land in his state so he can package it to re-sell it to the Chinese."', "Any government-run 'public' plan ... creates an entitlement that will cost another $1 trillion over the next 10 years.", 'A video shows a woman stabbing her partner on the dance floor.', 'Government Shutdown Was Orchestrated', "'Hamilton' actor Brandon Victor Dixon sent a controversial tweet in 2012, uncovered after he delivered an on-stage speech to Vice President-Elect Mike Pence.", '“The reality is that the real matric pass rate is at 37.3%.”', 'On taxes, "if you go back and look 50 years ago, individuals paid about 7 percent of the total and corporations paid 5 percent. Fast forward 50 years: individuals still 7 percent, corporations (are) down to 2 percent."', 'Says he didn\'t take "corporate PAC money."', 'Says Mitt Romney did not pay taxes for 10 years.', 'Jennifer Garner Heartbroken Over Josh Duhamel Getting Cozy With Megan Fox?', "A report just came out that if we continue with President Obama's policies, we're looking at over 9 percent unemployment next year in the fourth quarter.", "Two-thirds of American families rely on the mother's income to stay above the poverty level.", 'Fact Check TV: NFL Stadium and New Veterans', '4 Scams That ALL Facebook Users Should Know About', 'Ron Johnson is "willing to hand over the Great Lakes to the oil companies."', '', 'We had bipartisan legislation that got through the Senate that would have prevented bonuses like AIG\'s "and then somehow mysteriously disappeared."', 'Trump arranged a deal with Carrier that kept a thousand jobs in the United States.', 'Statement: “These (are) tough economic times for the city of San Diego, where library hours have been reduced and police and fire personnel have been laid off,” Mayor Jerry Sanders said in a news release Monday.', 'Says President Barack Obama "is the first president we\'ve ever had who thinks he can choose which laws to enforce and which laws to ignore."', 'Before taking executive action on immigration, President Obama stated 22 times that he does not have the authority to change immigration laws on his own.', 'Says Texas law requires state agencies to give preference to goods produced and grown in Texas.', 'Says that in some Texas communities, "our unemployment rate is still at 10 and 20 percent."', 'President Obama plans to remove the Statue of Liberty because it is offensive to Muslims.', 'Gov. Deal has the worst record on education in the history of this state.', 'The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is contacting taxpayers via e-mail to convey important tax return information, complete paperwork for a refund, or request payment on a balance owed.', 'The Math Doesn’t Add Up in the Orlando Nightclub Shooting', 'Statement: “We’ve become an internationally known center for seal research now because of (seal cam),” Mayor Bob Filner said at a May 22 City Council budget hearing.', 'Scott Walker to cut $300 million from universities, spend $500 million on a pro basketball stadium.', 'A "horrible law" requires that children be separated from their parents "once they cross the Border into the U.S."', "I took on the worst road system in the country, according to Trucker's magazine. When I left, they said it was the most improved road system in the country.", 'Says Donald Trump\'s conversion to pro-life beliefs are akin to Justin Bieber\'s, who said in the past that abortion "was no big deal to him."', 'Parking Lot Silliness: Fact Check TV', 'As mayor, I will ... reestablish a community policing philosophy that emphasizes the relationship between the police officer and the neighborhood in an effort to promote trust and cooperation.', 'The WTC Survivor or WTC virus', 'The White House was built using slave labor.', 'In June, jobless ranks were higher in nearly 90 percent of U.S. cities.', 'In Wisconsin, teachers make $89,000 in salary and benefits, compared to $48,000 for all other workers in the United States.', "We do know that Romney personally approved over $70 million in fictional losses to the IRS as part of the notorious 'Son of Boss' tax scandal, one of the largest tax avoidance schemes in history.", 'VERA FILES YEARENDER: Explaining the president: He says, they say', 'Rep. Pittenger is "constantly rated as one of the most liberal Republicans in Congress."', "Pope Francis uploaded a selfie to the Vatican's Instagram account.", 'Programs: Each major defense program will be reevaluated in light of current needs, gaps in the field, and likely future threat scenarios in the post 9-11 world. We must rebalance our capabilities to ensure that our forces can succeed in both conventional war-fighting and in stabilization and counter-insurgency operations.', 'When I left the Senate, we were on a trajectory towards a balanced budget.', '(Texas Republicans) believe in abolishing Social Security, abolishing V.A. health care.', 'Create a "tougher law to punish human traffickers, with penalties ranging from 25 years to life."', 'Two years ago we had "the largest structural deficit ever in Wisconsin."', 'The stimulus bill "didn’t create one new job."', 'Major General Paul Eaton said President Trump\'s decertification of an existing nuclear deal with Iran deal "dishonors America."', 'A photograph shows boxer Muhammad Ali with musician Michael Jackson.', 'FBI Spills Water on San Bernardino Shooter’s iPhone', 'Says Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell voted for a toll lane on MoPac.', 'FBI Director James Comey Received Millions from Clinton Foundation', 'Hillary (Clinton), one time late at night when she was exhausted, misstated and immediately apologized for it, what happened to her in Bosnia in 1995.', 'Says the director of NASA says its main mission is Muslim outreach.', 'Gordon Ramsay’s Entire Staff Takes a Knee, Refuses to Serve NFL Team', 'Starbucks Muslim Workers Slip Feces into Coffee, Spread Tuberculosis', 'Former Attorney General Janet Reno said "Donald Trump will never be president in my lifetime."', 'Win a $1000 Amazon Gift Card Facebook Survey', 'Mark Twain said that "If voting made a difference, they wouldn\'t let us do it. "', "Adorable Drug Kingpin Sarah Furay avoided charges due to her father's connection to the DEA.", 'Bill Nelson voted for a ban on millions of commonly owned firearms, which included many popular hunting and target rifles.', 'Selena Gomez “Still Thinking” About The Weeknd?', 'Tennessee\'s appeals court judges "were selected by a handful of party officials in Nashville" before the system of "merit selection" was put into effect.', 'I asked the unions to pay into their own health care insurance ... and they said I was being unreasonable. I requested that they contribute toward their own pensions ... and they screamed it was unfair.', 'Muslim Protester Calls BBC’s Stacey Dooley a Naked Seductress', 'Says the case of a Texas judge who refused to perform heterosexual weddings exposes a double standard in the case against Kentucky clerk Kim Davis.', 'An 81-year-old man named Arthur Hickenlooper competed on the show "American Ninja Warrior."', 'President Barack Obama, Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid support Rick Perry’s "decision to give in-state tuition to illegal immigrants."', "Chumlee from 'Pawn Stars' has passed away.", 'Every cell in the human body is replaced every seven years.', 'Barack Obama Quote Against Raising the Debt Limit', 'Prince Harry, Meghan Markle Honeymooning In Namibia?', 'Sen. Tom Cotton\'s office has sent "cease-and-desist" letters to constituents ordering them not to contact him.', 'During a 1955 speech at West Point, General Douglas MacArthur told assembled cadets: "The next war will be an interplanetary war. The nations of the earth must someday make a common front against attack by people from other planets."', 'Trump Accuser Summer Zervos Was Paid $500,000', 'The letters S-E-X are formed by a swirling cloud of dust in The Lion King.', 'Kendall, Kylie Jenner No Longer Close After Stormi’s Birth?', 'Says that "along the southern border of the U.S.," the government apprehends "seven individuals a day who are either known or suspected terrorists."', 'Did Ted Cruz’s Campaign Send Fundraising Mailers That Resemble Legal Summonses?', 'Will "ensure that more Metropolitan Planning Organizations create policies to incentivize greater bicycle and pedestrian usage of roads and sidewalks."', 'Ellen DeGeneres Ready To ‘Bury The Hatchet’ With Kelly Ripa?', 'Pope Francis granted diplomatic immunity to a Vatican diplomat suspected of child pornography offenses in the United States.', 'Michael Jordan Lowers Price of Air Jordan Shoes to $19.99', 'Did a GOP Candidate Insult a Parkland Shooting Survivor on Twitter?', 'Says Donald Trump\'s foundation "took money other people gave to his charity and then bought a six-foot-tall painting of himself."', 'The national debt increased $16,000 every second George Allen served in the U.S. Senate.', 'Already this calendar year, since January 1, we have had more than 20,000 people come across the border, apprehended, unauthorized.', "About 70 percent of Republicans nationwide ... don't think Donald Trump is the right guy to take on Hillary Clinton in November.", 'If I had not asked for my emails all to be made public, none of this would have been in the public arena.', 'Dan Gelber: On the record against scholarships to help our needy children attend Jewish private schools.', 'Says three Ukrainians recently captured on a West Texas ranch are among "individuals from countries that have strong terrorist ties being apprehended" near the state’s border with Mexico.', 'Says Jeanne Shaheen has "voted with the president 99 percent of the time."', 'In 45 out of 50 states, on average men are seeing their premiums double, going up 99 percent. Women up 62 percent.', 'Georgia has the second-highest rate of childhood obesity in the United States.', 'Obama has been sending taxpayer dollars, at least $350,000 to fund anti-Likud, anti-Netanyahu groups in Israel for (the) election.', 'Family with Down Syndrome Child Meet McCain and Palin', 'The claim: The Federal Government says every school in Australia will be affected by cuts planned by Opposition Leader Tony Abbott.', 'Researchers have discovered that octopus genomes contain alien DNA.', 'The Statue of Liberty Was Inspired by\xa0an Arab Woman or Muslim Woman', 'Gov. Scott Walker received a $7,300 pay raise.', "The cross-like shape of the laminin molecule is evidence of God's hand in the creation of the human form.", 'This past (legislative) session, we passed out of the Legislature a resolution requiring Congress to pass a balanced-budget amendment to the (U.S.) Constitution.', 'News Websites, TV Channels Air Fake Suvarna News Exit Poll', 'An attack on a healthy 22-year-old homosexual man would be more protected under the law than an attack on an eight-year-old child.', 'During a second term, Gov. Scott will reduce the state Communications Services Sales Tax to save Floridians more than $120 million per year.', 'Says Mitt Romney had millions in the Cayman Islands, a tax haven.', 'A video shows a pink volcano erupting in New Zealand.', 'Will fight to ensure more Katrina-related recovery or reconstruction activities can be done by local residents. These measures would ensure that Gulf Coast residents, and not big corporations, will rebuild their communities...Will work to improve job training in the area as well.', 'Says McCain "supported George Bush\'s policies 95 percent of the time."', 'As the usage [of synthetic marijuana] has dramatically increased, instances of violence, bodily harm and even death have risen with it.', 'Jennifer Lopez, Alex Rodriguez “Wedding And Baby” Claim Tru', "Mitt Romney’s platform ...won't protect the mortgage interest (tax) deduction for middle-class families.", "A Hillary Clinton supporter in North Carolina voted multiple times using his friends' identities.", 'President Trump just told Paul Ryan, ‘You’re fired.’', 'A photograph shows Hillary Clinton with former Ku Klux Klan member Robert Byrd.', 'This new tax code eliminates the marriage penalty and the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) while providing the lowest tax rate since before World War II.', 'Since Gina Raimondo took office, investment fees on the state\'s pension portfolio "have gone up from about $12 million annually to about $50 million."', 'FitzGerald will work with the broad stakeholders in education to design and phase-in a program using all available resources to provide higher education scholarships to county residents.', 'We Really Do Have the Highest Corporate Tax Rate in the World.', 'This unit is the only one in the state that strives to implement the principles of Mother-Friendly care as outlined by the national Coalition for Improving Maternity Services Mother-Friendly Childbirth Initiative.', "An Alabama state senator published an open letter saying that the state of Georgia shouldn't have been allowed to compete in the Olympics.", 'Taylor Swift Scared Of ‘Cats’ Co-Star Ian McKellen?', 'Says "half the Americans don\'t pay any income taxes."', 'An Evil Sign in Dearborn, Michigan', 'The modern policing system in the United States originated from patrols intended to corral escaped slaves.', 'Flu Remedy - Onions Absorb Viruses and Bacteria From a Room', 'Free Windows 10 Upgrade Email', 'Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.', 'If you look at the application for a security clearance, I have a clearance that even the president of the United States cannot obtain because of my background.', 'An 8-year-old Yemeni girl was forced to marry a 40-year-old man and then died of vaginal injuries on their wedding night.', 'Health insurance companies pay CEOs $24 million a year', 'The runnerup to Caitlyn Jenner for ESPN’s Arthur Ashe Courage Award was "Army veteran Noah Galloway, who lost an arm and leg to a roadside bomb in Iraq."', '“We’ve achieved a historic increase in defense spending.”', 'Says Paul Ryan "has not had a public town hall within the district for over 600 days."', 'Gwen Stefani Dropped “Prenup Bombshell” On Blake Shelton?', 'Federal investigators found a company that (David Perdue) ran discriminated against women -- paid them less than men for the same work.', "'Mosque to Have Speakers That Can be Heard 15 Miles Away'", "'Facebook Privacy Notice'", 'David Hogg Graduated in 2015, Didn’t Attend Parkland High School', 'Says Bill Gates tweeted, "I think Donald Trump will go down to history as one of the greatest presidents, just like Reagan."', 'Says President Barack Obama told a room of students, "Children, every time I clap my hands together, a child in America dies from gun violence," and then a child told him he could solve the problem by not clapping any more.', 'Sen. Rubio’s (tax plan) would cut taxes for households making around $3 million a year by almost $240,000, which is way more than three times the earnings of a typical family.', 'The tax policies of George W. Bush "created a dynamic effect of high growth."', 'After attacking Emma Gonzalez, U.S. Rep. Steve King is "facing arrest."', 'Complaints Move Koran to Top Shelf at Boston University Library', 'The GOP’s Obamacare replacement would reduce subsidies that help lower-income people buy health insurance, but also "expand the entitlement" by giving subsidies to higher-income people "that Obamacare never helped."', 'The Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) will be reclassifying marijuana as a Schedule 2 drug in August 2016.', 'Sources show (Connie) Mack as a resident of California, living with his wife in Palm Springs.', 'Says that Donald Trump "supported Charlie Crist."', 'Claim: Hospital waiting lists have increased by 45% in the last two years', 'On support for the Export-Import Bank', 'Nearly half of the water distributed through the [Nairobi] system is non-revenue water.', 'Says more than 2 million Oregonians have received important medical services because of his health plan.', 'Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. had "52 months of ... uninterrupted job creation" and "revenues were at an all-time high in 2007."', 'Will "require the Department of Homeland Security to review all visa applications at high-risk consular posts and prevent aliens from attempting to avoid deportation after having their visas revoked."', 'Denies that he said the Obama campaign "played the race card."', 'A sequel to the film "Crocodile Dundee" will be released in June 2018.', 'Says "Barcelona terrorist" is cousins with former President Barack Obama.', 'When it comes to classified information at the State Department, Hillary Clinton’s "the decider."', 'Ed Perlmutter voted for "Viagra for rapists" paid for with tax dollars.', 'Sen. Jeff Merkley "voted six times for more debt."', 'Says 18 states and the District of Columbia have voted Democratic in six consecutive presidential elections.', 'Scott Walker "couldn’t get his own party" to back more than a 500-student increase in Milwaukee’s school choice program, but in Indiana, "Mitch Daniels’ voucher program is approaching 30,000 students two years after opening."', "A customer discovered a deceased and discarded baby in a Kentucky Walmart's discount DVD bin.", 'The majority of Austinites rent the places they live.', 'John McCain worries about nuclear waste in Arizona, but not in Nevada.', 'Statement:\xa0“(The San Diego Film Commission) had attracted up to $100 million in direct production company spending each year to the San Diego region,” former commission CEO Cathy Anderson wrote in an Aug. 8 op-ed.', 'A Navy Destroyer crashed into a building in downtown Houston after Hurricane Harvey flooded the city in August 2017.', "A photograph shows insects embedded in a dog's mouth.", 'Circulating Image Depicts Fisherman With Massive Catfish', 'Forty-five percent of doctors "say they\'ll quit" if health care reform passes.', 'President Bush Visited the Wounded After the Terrorist Attack at Ft. Hood', 'List of double entrendres collects "the top nine comments made by NBC sports commentators during the Summer Olympics."', 'A Spirit Airlines employee advised a young woman to flushing her emotional support hamster down the toilet in order to board a flight.', 'Trendy Regulation Talk: Fact Check TV', 'FACT CHECK: Did The Washington Redskins Change Their Team Name?', 'Utah was "the No. 1 job creator in this country during my years of service" as governor, with a 5.9 percent increase in jobs.', 'A group of former General Motors workers furtively produced 1957 Chevrolet automobiles on their own for ten years.', "In many instances, (people's) health care costs are more than their mortgage costs or their rent, which, by the way, is a first in American history.", 'A mother revealed to her child in a letter after her death that she had just one eye because she had donated the other to him.', 'Says Cory Gardner "championed an eight-year crusade to outlaw birth control here in Colorado."', 'Says Delaware County has more waterfront property than any other county in the state of Ohio', 'Boycott Whole Foods Market Because They Support Hamas', 'Angelina Jolie, Justin Theroux Dating, ', "Here in Wisconsin, we've put in previous budgets more money into mental health services than any governor has in the last 25 years.", 'Demi Moore Pushing Daughters To Get Pregnant, Wants To Be A Grandma?', "We've got some 37-million of our fellow citizens who are living in poverty; about 12-million or 13-million are children.", 'A photograph shows a "new hand sign" that is being used by teenagers to signal that they wish to buy or sell drugs.', 'Smell the Candle Robbery Warning', 'A General Mattis Christmas Story', 'The Riddle That 80% of Kindergartners Got Right but Stumped Stanford Seniors', 'Oklahoma’s Republican Gov. Mary Fallin signed a new law which makes you pay a special fee. It will essentially fine people for the crime of using solar power.', "We've created more jobs in the United States than every other advanced economy combined since I came into office.", 'Nicolas Cage is Dead', 'WTHR Investigates Illegal Migrant Workers Taking Advantage of Additional Child Tax Credit', 'Reduce the statewide property tax [Required Local Effort] by $1.4 billion (from 5.29 mills to 4.29 mills, a 19 percent reduction). Savings from other key components in my 7-step plan will be used to replace those funds so that not $1 is shifted away from our schools.', 'Milwaukee "incarcerates 1.2% of white men" and has "incarcerated over 50% of black men in their 30s."', 'Says Obama wants to redesign the American flag "to better offer our enemies hope and love."', 'Brad Pitt Going Back To School To Impress Neri Oxman, ', 'Angelina Jolie Quitting Hollywood For Politics?', 'Under Obama, families have lost over $4,000 a year in income.', 'Says Donald Trump, in his campaign announcement speech, "also said, ‘And many of them (Mexicans) are good people. You keep leaving that out of your quote."', 'Americans haven’t had a raise in 15 years.', 'The border is down 78 percent. Under past administrations, the border didn’t go down -- it went up.', 'Four state Assembly Democrats "scored a death blow to northeast Wisconsin’s economy" by killing hundreds of jobs at a potential Bass Pro Shops near Green Bay.', "Did President Trump Announce a $612 Credit for 'Deserving Americans'?", 'Tyga Getting “Revenge” On Kylie Jenner With Reality Show, ', 'Has India Benefited From The Launch Of E-Tourist Visas In Nov 2014? A FactCheck', 'We are the only metropolitan area in the country that’s losing population.', 'President Obama Failed to Attend D-Day Ceremonies at Normandy', 'Over 200 years ago, the United States had declared war on Islam, and Thomas Jefferson led the charge!', 'Under Gov. Scott Walker, Wisconsin "projected a $1 billion (budget) surplus and it turns out to be a deficit of $2.2 billion."', 'President Donald Trump called Philippines lawmaker Antonio Trillanes IV a "little narco".', 'Video shows a woman being hit by a car after fleeing her home from a prank intruder.', 'Warning Violin Spider Inside Kettle Kills Family Of 6', 'China is "practicing how to blow up our satellites."', 'Says Marco Rubio opposes abortion "even in the case of rape and incest."', "We're spending millions for each individual held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.", 'Claims about “Dhimmitude” in Obamacare and Muslim Exemptions', 'Says income tax rates under Eisenhower were as high as 90 percent.', 'This town (Wilmington, Ohio) hasn’t taken any money from the government. They don’t want any money from the government.', 'Brad Pitt Dating “Princess” Charlotte Casiraghi, ', 'Cambridge Analytica – Facebook Fallout: Time For BJP & Congress To Come Clean', 'John Lennon said in 1981 that the "only way out of the messes we\'ve created" is to elect a businessman.', 'Under the North American Free Trade Agreement, "we lost millions of jobs."', 'Crying Baby Serial Killer', 'The federal government is sending refugees to states with governors who are "Republicans, not to the Democrats."', 'CLAIM: A video showing people walking on a strip of land with the sea on either sides is viral on social media with many claiming it is the Ram Setu, a bridge which is said to have been built by Hindu deity Ram to go to Lanka and fight another deity Ravana.', "In September, the Department of Business and Consumer Services enacted a sudden 39% workers' compensation premium assessment by rule with little notice to the public.", 'Jim Morrison Has Been Found Alive in a Paris Retirement Home', "'Thomas Romany's Stuff' Warning Message", 'Legal prescription drugs "statistically kill 100,000 people a year, (but) there are no documented deaths due to marijuana."', 'Having an active father makes children 98 percent more likely to graduate from college.', 'Says he "never" donates to Democrats while Paul Workman "contributes to Democrat Kirk Watson and other Democrats running against Republicans."', 'I have tremendous support from women.', 'Perrie Edwards Dissing Selena Gomez And “13 Reasons Why,” ', 'Says wrestling was a favorite sport of Abraham Lincoln.', 'Greg Abbott and his surrogates have referred to women who have been the victims of rape or incest as though somehow what they are confronting is a minor issue.', 'Comments about Islam by Attorney General Ashcroft?', 'Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States.', 'History of the Car Radio', 'Rhode Island voters are moving away from the Democratic party to non-affiliation', 'Says Joe Garcia "voted to raise our utility rates."', "Cardiff City Football Club Refused to Donate Club Shirt for Fallen Soldier's Coffin", 'Stimulus dollars paid for "windmills from China."', 'Wisconsin election officials to accept Mickey Mouse, Hitler signatures on recall petitions.', 'Social Security benefits to legal and illegal Mexican immigrants?', 'Sofia Richie, Scott Disick On The Rocks?', 'Says Mitt Romney "wants to end tax credits for wind producers."', 'FactCheck: Did Sweden shut down a music festival because of attacks carried out by migrants?', 'Claimed as a “fact” that “President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!”', 'People want the minimum wage, they want marriage equality, they want women’s health care. There’s issues that actually that really do matter, social issues that matter to the people of this state. So I know Barbara would support those issues, I know the governor hasn’t. You’ve seen the actions he’s taken on them.', 'There "are not cuts to Medicaid" in the GOP health care proposals.', 'The Employee Free Choice Act mandates the "elimination of the secret ballot."', 'In April, Sen. McCain came out against helping women earn equal pay for equal work.', 'A landline disengaged from its cradle will eventually self-dial 911.', 'Florida residents affected by Hurricane Irma can receive $197 in food stamp benefits, but only if they can show that their homes lost power for more than two hours.', 'Build up our special operations forces, civil affairs, information operations, engineers, foreign area officers, and other units and capabilities that remain in chronic short supply.', 'I never once asked that (Megyn Kelly) be removed as a debate moderator.', 'Liberal out-of-state special interests are spending millions on 5 and 6 to change the way Florida draws its congressional and legislative districts.', 'Georgia "has the lowest minimum wage in the country."', 'Fourteen teenaged girls went missing in Washington, D.C., within 24 hours.', 'The last picture from atop the World Trade Center', "Vice President Joe Biden said that 'no ordinary American cares about their constitutional rights.'", 'U.S. Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse "rewarded Wall Street executives with millions in bonuses."', 'FactFind: Is it actually a crime to download movies without paying?', 'A waste company will be offering curbside dead body pickup service to offset “TrumpCare."', 'Deaths From Soda Cans Contaminated With Rat Urine', '‘The largest bust in U.S. history’ 412 Muslims arrested from Michigan!', 'A photograph shows a newly hatched baby dragon.', 'An Illinois janitor collected $20 million in life insurance benefits on policies placed on teenagers who were then murdered.', "Did a Cleveland Fox Affiliate Label a Black Murder Suspect 'Dark White'?", 'Easter Bannies', 'Sarah Palin "got more votes running for mayor of Wasilla, Alaska, than Joe Biden got running for president of the United States."', 'Kim Kardashian “Hysterical” Watching “KUWTK” Robbery Episode, ', 'Scammers place phone calls to hotel rooms to dupe guests into giving up their credit card info.', 'Kylie Jenner, Travis Scott Faking Relationship For Fame?', 'Claim: More than 19 crore people have been insured against life and accident risk or ensured pension.', 'Says President Barack Obama’s proposed budget includes two new tax increases that would collect about $14 billion.', 'Says "Rick Perry doubled spending in a decade."', 'The United States does "not have a system through which growers and dairies can bring a workforce legally into the U.S."', 'Says Emma Gonzalez, a survivor of the Parkland school shooting, ripped up a copy of the U.S. Constitution', "Sue Lowden gave Harry Reid's campaigns a thousand dollars in five different elections, helping his Senate dreams come true.", 'I belong to the AFL-CIO.', "Is This Melania Trump's Body Double?", "The Tax Foundation figures Rhode Island as the 10th highest state for state and local tax burden per capita in the country. We're the 6th worst in the country for the business tax index. We're the 3rd highest per capita in the country for all taxes.", 'A 29-year-old San Diego Zoo intern was arrested and charged with attempting sexually assault a gorilla.', 'Jeff Merkley was the deciding vote on Obamacare, which in Oregon has been an unmitigated disaster.', "Not one tax has been raised since I've been governor.", 'Forty-seven percent of Americans pay no income tax.', 'House Democrats Draft Bill Making Eating at Chick-fil-A a Hate Crime', 'Fukushima scientists have warned that fish in the Pacific Ocean will never again be safe for human consumption due to radioactive contamination', 'The Priest and Leonardo', 'A 2,000-year-old carving of a figure riding a modern bicycle was found inside an ancient temple in India.', 'Bora Bora Vacation Facebook Prize', 'How Much Has Kisumu County Received In Transfers From The Treasury Since\xa02013?', 'The five economic indicators that the federal government tracks - for the first time since August 2006 - were positive this October.', 'The governor does not have any power to veto a referendum [on same-sex marriage] that would be a constitutional amendment.', 'Claim: Fine Gael is responsible for the decline in the number of primary home mortgage arrears since 2013, which has left nearly 61,000 people “more secure”.', 'Twenty-three million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get treatment.', 'Claim: Acid attack victims have been included in the list of people considered as disabled.', 'A photograph shows Gareth Southgate wearing a waistcoat with the words "It\'s Coming Home" repeatedly written on it.', 'Oregon and the federal government now have more than one million acres of burnt land and millions of trees are being left to rot.', 'Says Michelle Obama has 43 people on her staff; Nancy Reagan had just 3.', 'For months after a rocky roll out of the federal and state health insurance exchanges, Democrats distanced themselves from the Affordable Care Act. Now, they’re using it to throw barbs at their Republican opponents. In Minnesota, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is criticizing 8th Congressional District Republican candidate Stewart Mills for saying he would scrap the law, including parts that both sides support. “Millionaire Stewart Mills III has taken thousands of dollars in campaign contributions from the health insurance industry, and now he wants to put the insurance companies back in charge to deny care to people with-pre-existing conditions and kick kids off their parents’ plans,” a DCCC press release states. ', 'Sacha Baron Cohen, Isla Fisher Living Separate Lives?', 'Second Degree Chemical Burns from Huggies Diapers', 'We spend more money on health care per capita in the United States than any other country in the world. Of the 30 developed countries in the world, we spend 2 1/2 times more than the average. Of the country that spends the second most per capita, Switzerland, we spend 175 percent more.', 'Cap and trade legislation "was originally a Republican idea."', 'Sandra Bullock Leaving Hollywood, ', 'The John McCain Twitter account has more than 1.1 million followers. The official White House Twitter account has only about 830,000.', 'Six people in Florida die as a result of (not expanding Medicaid) every day.', 'A 400-pound woman sued a Paris zoo after an escaped hippo tried to rape her.', 'We have 395 inmates pushed into triple-bunked cells intended for two inmates and bunked in classrooms and areas supposed to be designated for inmate labor.', 'In the stimulus, "$15 million dollars went to \'build a bigger, better airport\' for the town of Ouzinkie, Alaska, population 165."', 'Account reports instances of customers being cheated by malfunctioning gas pumps.', 'Packaged vegetables from Mann Packing are being recalled due to concerns about listeria.', 'On June 8, Labor released its economic policy for the election, which it calls the "10 Year Plan for Australia\'s Economy".', "President Obama's suggested reduction in spending for next year: $0.", 'Since (welfare reform) was signed into law, the number of families living in extreme poverty has more than doubled.', 'The GOP health care plan gives "$275 billion in tax breaks for the top 2 percent, people earning $250,000 a year or more."', 'As President Obama departed Cuba, dozens of prospective refugees clung to the wings of Air Force One.', 'Democrats compare the infrastructure programs in the stimulus to the Eisenhower interstate program, "but he proposed a $500 billion highway system, and they\'re going to put $30 billion" into roads and bridges.', 'All the really great programs in American history, Social Security, was done without Republicans. Medicare was done without Republican support until the last vote where they realized they had to get on board.', 'John Kerry: Media Should Cover Terrorism Less So People Don’t Know What’s Going On', "I didn't inherit money from my parents.", 'There is no difference between Kevin Rudd and myself when it comes to school funding.', 'Carbon Monoxide Poisoning by Candle Email Warning', 'Sofia Richie “Miserable” On Date Night With Scott Disick, ', 'Kanye West ‘Dissing’ Tristan Thompson With Lamar Odom Tribute, ', "Heitkamp's talk of deficits is pure speculation and none of it takes into account the economic growth the Trump pro-growth agenda is delivering.", 'Before the 2013 federal election the Coalition repeatedly promised to despatch a Customs vessel to monitor whaling in the Southern Ocean.', 'A law in Iowa forbids people from kissing for more than five minutes.', 'David Beckham’s proposed soccer stadium at Miami’s Port "threatens the 207,000 jobs and $27 billion economic impact tied to the cargo and cruise industries."', "One of my goals as U.S. senator will be to ditch \\xe2\\x80\\x98Cocaine Mitch.'", 'Medical research has established a causative link between root canals and cancer mortality.', 'An image shows Hillary Clinton addressing a campaign rally attended by fewer than 25 people.', "Why didn't (uninsured Americans) buy insurance? Because of the expense.", "Girl's unusual medical condition leads to the discovery that the boy she's been intimate with has been having sex with (or eating) corpses.", 'Tim Kaine supported "higher energy costs for families."', 'Facebook has not one, but two filtered message inboxes where Messenger messages may not be easily seen.', 'The United States has experienced "40 straight months of unemployment at 8 percent or higher."', 'Says "Claire McCaskill receives the second-most contributions from insurance companies in the entire Senate."', 'Says the Republican tax plan "helps families" like one in which a woman lost her job and then lost her life savings fighting her husband’s cancer.', 'Turkey is an Arab country.', '“Under my presidency, we will accomplish a complete American energy independence. Complete. Complete."', 'Members of Congress did not have three days to read the bill "when the stimulus was rushed into law."', 'Hypocrisy at the Clinton Foundation: Top male staff made on average $218,029 while top female staff made $153,014 from 2010-2014.', 'Regulations have quadrupled. The rate of regulations quadrupled under this president.', 'FactCheck For Tripura CM Biplab Deb: Tagore Gave Up Knighthood Not Nobel', 'Says history suggests sports will "quickly subsume a lot of the attention span of the country" in the presidential primary.', 'Wendy Davis raised money for a U.S. House Democrat who is a member of a Democratic socialists group.', 'Musician Hank Williams Jr. has endorsed Hillary Clinton for president.', 'Very few men outlive their own fertility.', "A man accidentally burned down his home while attempting to set his Nike shoes on fire in protest over the company's ties with Colin Kaepernick.", 'Fact Vs Fiction: Mersal’s Claims On GST, Modi-Rahul Twitter War', 'The bluegill fish is related to the piranha and is one of the most dangerous fish in North America, responsible for more than 500 deaths in the United States every summer.', 'On banning earmarks.', 'The 9-9-9 plan "does not raise taxes on those that are making the least."', 'Was the Obama Administration Unable to Arrange the Release of Three Hostages in North Korea?', 'Kate Middleton Pregnant Report “Official,” ', 'We’re second only to Boston in college students per capita.', 'In his first TV interview as president, Obama said we "should talk to Iran."', 'The Muslim community donated $87,000 to the family of the man responsible for the shooting at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando.', 'Did Alexandria Shooter James Hodgkinson Hold a Sign With a Rand Paul Tweet?', 'Say video "shows massive alligator strolling across Florida golf course."', 'Under Hosni Mubarak\'s rule, "Egypt received more American dollars than any country besides Israel."', 'Amish Community Throws Support Behind Donald Trump, Guaranteeing Victory', 'George Bush sent people to war without body armor.', 'An official report has confirmed that fidget spinners contain a deadly amount of lead.', 'Shred Your Airline Boarding Passes', 'Cops Post “Welcome to Baltimore” Billboard', 'We should review in detail the factors driving the costs of incarceration and look for smarter, more cost-effective systems and procedures.', 'FACT CHECK: Did Mnuchin Cost Taxpayers $25K To Fly A Military Jet?', 'Lebanese Woman Speaks Out Against Terrorism and Defends Israel At Duke University', 'David Beckham, Victoria Had “Biggest Fight Ever” Over His “Wandering Eye”?', 'Tax rates were significantly higher "in the \'40s, the \'50s, and the \'60s."', 'Bill Clinton’s hitman confesses on his deathbed.', 'Allow Americans to buy their medicines from other developed countries if the drugs are safe and prices are lower outside the U.S.', 'Did a Surgeon Who Exposed ‘Clinton Foundation Corruption’ in Haiti Die a Suspicious Death?', 'Statement: “The analysis that we have seen, the studies and research that we’ve seen, is that 80 percent of small businesses already pay better than the minimum wage,” City Council President Todd Gloria said at a June 16 press conference.', 'Two scientists who analyzed 2.5 million stars have concluded that the signals coming from a small fraction of them are “probably” caused by aliens.', 'A video shows a group of refugees looting a café in Spain.', 'Only five Texas counties account for almost 90 percent of the (state’s) cattle industry.', 'Will "remove arbitrary barriers like residency requirements that keep qualified teachers out of struggling districts."', 'The Republicans just voted last year to end Medicare.', 'In the eight years that I was mayor, (there was a) nearly 50 percent drop in violent crime, gang crime — crime went down because we grew our police department, we focused on constitutional community policing, we did some of the most innovative prevention, intervention, job re-entry programs in the nation.', 'Watch a Video-Donate to Autism', 'An Alaskan Fishman’s Commentary About Governor Sarah Palin', 'Diets tailored to one’s specific blood type are capable of reducing myriad ailments, improving digestion, enabling weight loss, and providing increased energy.', 'Jingle Bells was written as a Christmas song.', "Don't believe those phony numbers when you hear 4.9 and 5 percent unemployment. The number's probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent.", 'The city building code violations on my properties only involve exterior issues; "within the households, it’s fine."', 'It (Georgia) was one of the earliest Christian nations. The king of then-Georgia in the third century converted to Christianity.', 'Congressman Mark Pocan recently responded to a letter that Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker wrote to President Donald Trump supporting the president’s “aggressive actions to secure America’s southern border.” The Wisconsin Democrat Pocan wrote that, “President Trump is not sending troops to the southern border to stop the flow of drugs from Mexico. It is clear that his goal is to apprehend migrants, many of whom are children fleeing violence in their home countries.” While we are unable to accurately assess Trump’s motivations, The Observatory decided to check the claim that many of the people coming across the southwest border who are unauthorized are children and that they are fleeing violence in their home countries. ', 'Says Dow Chemical decided to build a plant in Saudi Arabia rather than Oklahoma due to the impact of environmental regulations on the supply of natural gas.', "VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Online post about Duterte 'rejecting' Robredo's proposal to 'legalize' drugs rehashed", 'Sam Bish Prayer Request Email', 'Portland Bureau of Transportation "barely break(s) even" ticketing motorists.', 'People\xa0Mark Anniversary of ‘Killdozer’ in Colorado', 'On August 18, 2013, Tony Abbott formally announced his signature paid parental leave policy.', 'Diane Black voted to fund Obamacare.', "Did Donald Trump Say Community College Is '13th Grade' for 'Dummys'?", 'In Texas, "we\'ve had three ISIS-related incidents already."', 'An Ethical Violation: Fact Check TV', 'The Scottish Government’s £500m Growth Scheme – announced a year ago - is still to distribute a single penny.', "The most popular name is no longer John or Steven. It's Jose, Camilo and Maria.", 'Angelina Jolie Lying About Cooking For Kids, ', "A private club (the only place in the park where alcohol is served) is housed in Disneyland's New Orleans Square.", 'A woman gave birth to twins in a casket after her husband buried her alive.', 'Says "Schaufler was the only Democrat who voted to stop" the state’s health care reform plan.', 'More (people) die from indoor air pollution than from malaria, HIV/AIDS and TB combined.', 'Mysterious woman on the road', 'In the Republican presidential debate in New Hampshire, none of the candidates mentioned the "middle class" or "education."', "The Government said that 3 per cent was emergency levels. So, if the Reserve Bank keeps cutting beyond that, understand this — it's because they're worried about the Australian economy.", 'By the end of this decade, the interest we owe on our debt could rise to nearly $1 trillion.', 'Bill Gunter would "drain millions from local public schools, and give our tax dollars to private, for-profit schools run by out-of-state corporations."', 'climate models have overestimated the amount of global warming and failed to predict what climatologists call the warming ‘hiatus’', 'VERA FILES YEARENDER: Explaining the president, the 2017 edition', 'Says gubernatorial candidate Clay Pell "hasn\'t spent a dime on advertising."', 'Three Headed Snake Image', 'Fortnite Games announced on Twitter that it is ending "Battle Royale" due to a copyright infringement lawsuit from a competitor.', 'Mario Lopez ‘Gunning’ For Ellen DeGeneres’ Talk Show Job, ', 'Halle Berry Wants To Date Chadwick Boseman?', 'Says "Congressman Eric Cantor wants to eliminate Social Security."', 'We are proud of the increase in life expectancy from 60 years in 2012 to 62 years in 2014.', 'Giant Feral Pig Photograph', 'The film and TV industry supports more than 24,000 direct jobs and pays local workers more than $1.68 billion in wages in Georgia.', 'One-third of the health care dollar goes to no such thing as health care; it goes to the insurance companies.', 'Says Tony Evers will "raise the gas tax by as much as a dollar a gallon."', 'Says Barack Obama has played over 90 rounds of golf as president.', 'Before taking office and with the cooperation of the outgoing mayor and city council, I will appoint community leaders who are well prepared to lead a thorough but expedited process.', 'E-mailed list features Dave Barry\'s "16 Things It Took Me Over 50+ Years to Learn."', 'Toyota 4Runner Facebook Giveaway', 'Anonymous seized the domain of white supremacist site Daily Stormer and announced its imminent demise.', 'Will "sponsor an annual event to bring national association meeting planners and Wisconsin businesses together. I will make this (Conference of Tourism) a key component of both my tourism and economic development agenda."', 'We have towns in West Texas that are out of water, that are having to truck in water.', 'Photos of Old Car Collection Found in Portugal Barn', 'Federal, state and local governments have subsidized the production of the Volt to the tune of estimates between $50,000 and $250,000 per vehicle sold.', 'Says Hillary Clinton "wants to abolish the Second Amendment."', 'Brad Pitt Obsessed With Margot Robbie?', 'Text transcribes a press conference given by actor and former Marine R. Lee Ermey.', 'Myrtle Beach man who shot at Hurricane Florence dies after bullet ricochets. \u200b', 'Do Nike Factory Workers in Vietnam Earn 20 Cents Per Hour?', 'Two police officers cooked a meal and washed the dishes for a group of children after their mother was taken to the hospital.', 'Savannah Foraker-forward emails to help with her medical costs', 'Jimmy Fallon “Caught” Drinking At Baseball Game, ', 'Jennifer Lawrence Wants To Date David O. Russell?', 'The House of Representatives has never sued a sitting president in all of U.S. history.', 'Will "require increased transparency and accountability by requiring annual audits of our fish and wildlife accounts to ensure that we are prioritizing expenditures an getting maximum value for our sportsmen and women."', 'Does This Video Show Six Antifa Members Beating Up a Person During an August 2018 Rally?', 'Actor Nicolas Cage died in a motorcycle accident in July 2016.', 'A viral photograph posted in June 2018 shows "the whole of London" protesting on the streets in defense of jailed far-right activist Tommy Robinson.', "You can't give a child an aspirin in school without permission. You can't do any kind of medication, but we can secretly take the child off and have an abortion.", 'Statement: “Do you know what we’re No. 1 at? We’re No. 1 in America in poverty. Twenty-four percent of Californians – you take the low income and the high cost of living – 24 percent of Californians today are living in poverty,” GOP gubernatorial candidate Neel Kashkari said at Voice of San Diego’s Politifest on Aug. 9.', "Harry Potter' Show Coming to Netflix?", 'Says the U.S. steel and aluminum industry is "a fraction of what it once was."', 'Yet Another Win a Ford Raptor', 'Republican nominee Donald Trump called President Barack Obama a "lying n*****r" during a confrontation.', 'Virginia has made "no progress on jobs" since Bob McDonnell took office.', "Retailers T.J. Maxx and Marshall's sell counterfeit salon products.", 'Kardashians “Boycotting” Khloe’s Wedding To Tristan Thompson?', 'Tom Hanks’ Father a Member of The Diamonds', 'Barack Obama has "provided guns to Mexican drug cartels."', 'Says Charlie Crist "was pro-life, pro-gun and vehemently anti-tax."', 'Says Leah Vukmir was "just about the only legislator who stood with the insurance companies" and "voted against oral chemotherapy."', "On which team he's rooting for in the World Series.", 'Low-flow toilets "can cost homeowners up to $1,000 each."', 'Americans will spend more on taxes in 2014 than they will on food, clothing and housing combined.', 'Every state that has put in a graduated income tax, the middle class always pays more.', 'Three million non-citzens voted illegally in the 2016 presidential election.', 'Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said that President Trump\'s tax returns were being kept "underneath President Obama’s college records" and "his passport application" where nobody would find them.', 'Coverage under Obamacare can costs more than $1,200 a month for a family of four.', 'The government -- not the armed forces -- is stockpiling hundreds of millions of rounds of ammunition for domestic use.', 'The President Ordered the Firing of “Cattle Guards”', 'Sofia Richie “Morphing” Into Kourtney Kardashian, ', 'Sandra Bullock Secretly Married?', 'Says McCain once said that on "the most important issues of our day, I\'ve been totally in agreement and support of President Bush."', 'Says the United States "actually exports more gasoline, diesel and other fuels than it imported in 2011 for the first time since, I think, 1949."', 'As we near the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, we should not forget that some of the hijackers used New Jersey driver’s licenses to board those aircraft.', 'Hillary Clinton’s horse-thief ancestor', 'The spillover violence (from Mexico) in Texas is real and it is escalating.', 'Republicans want to restore #gunrights to felons', 'Beyonce, Jay-Z Fighting Over Where To Raise Kids?', '“A total of 173 inappropriate [schools] have been eradicated since 2011.”', 'The New York Police Department used to have "surveillance going on in and around mosques in New York City. ... Our mayor totally cut that out."', 'Kanye West Did Ask Caitlyn Jenner “Girlfriend” Sophia Hutchins To Become Yeezy Model, ', 'Vitamin-C and Shrimp are a poisonous combination', 'The Pell bridge "is a tourism bridge essentially and not a commuter bridge."', 'Stop To Salute-a Memorial Day Tribute written by a U.S. Army Captain', 'Amnesiac Wakes From Coma Speaking Only Ancient Hebrew', 'President Obama is giving food stamp recipients a bonus $1,000 per month for three months.', 'Giant hogs killed by hunters in Georgia', 'Statement: Chula Vista has the fewest police officers per capita in San Diego County, Chula Vista Taxpayers Association president Larry Breitfelder told Channel 10 for a May 3 story about laying off police officers.', "The claim: Industry Minister Ian Macfarlane says Australia is set to become the world's second largest or largest exporter of LNG.", 'Hillary Clinton said in 2000 that she believed marriage was "always between a man and a woman."', "A meme reproduces Donald Trump's explanation of why Abraham Lincoln succeeded as a president.", 'At the closing ceremony of the 26th Mindanao Business Conference in Cagayan De Oro on Sept. 9, Duterte said he would “like to pursue the talks” with Moro liberation forces in Mindanao.', 'Starbucks makes rescue workers buy water for survivors of the WTC collapse', "Obama tells Russia that he'll turn over America's defense system to them if re-elected.", 'The three wealthiest people own "more wealth than the bottom half of the American people."', 'In Iraq, "civilian deaths, incidents of bombings, etc., remain very low relative to what was going on last year."', 'Forward an mail for Victoria’s Secret and get a gift certificate', 'Obamacare adds trillions to our deficits and to our national debt.', 'Says John McCain "has done nothing to help the vets."', 'Says Mitt Romney "was one of the first national Republican leaders to endorse" Marco Rubio.', 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Old photos, claims with no basis used in story vs clergy', 'Robert Pattinson, Kristen Stewart Going On Secret Dates?', 'Consider taking all these commemorative moments and special honors, and handle them during special orders and one-minute speeches... With all the challenges facing our nation, it is absurd that Congress spends so much time on naming post offices, congratulating sports teams, and celebrating the birthdays of historical figures. Now, I know the drill: members get good press opportunities back home and leaders get cover while stalling on the people’s priorities. But often these resolutions are poorly drafted, or duplicative of previously considered bills. And under both parties they’ve received little or no oversight. It’s my view that we should consider taking all these commemorative moments and special honors, and handle them during special orders and one-minute speeches', '“The percentage of persons aged 20 years and above with no formal education or highest level of education less than Grade 7 within each gender group decreased from 19.3% to 16.2%.”', 'Families are paying $900, on average, "in higher premiums because of uncompensated care."', 'Paula Abdul “Relapse” Fears Tru', 'One of the reasons that Budweiser stayed in New Jersey is the money they got from RGGI to put solar on their roof to save on their energy costs.', 'Says approximately 70 percent of jobs created in the United States in November 2007-2008 were in Texas.', 'On bipartisan redistricting.', 'Says "Rep. Ann Wagner, a three-term incumbent, has never held a town hall in the Second District."', 'Says Marco Rubio believes the earth is 9,000 years old and that humans hunted dinosaurs to extinction; says Rand Paul believes the earth is 10,000 years old and God removed dinosaurs "to make space for humans."', "'Texas to Legalize Marijuana Use'", 'Says Donald Trump "publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans’ (emails)."', '57% of the jobs created in Austin "from 2009 to 2013 do not pay families a living wage."', 'I said no to these big bank bailouts.', 'Wisconsin is one of the few states in the country that do not currently require a photographic identification to vote.', 'Says Scott Walker ‘cut $800 million from our schools.’', 'Fake Water Bottles Airport Drug Smuggling Warning', 'Katy Perry Told By ‘American Idol’ Producers To Stop Being “Raunchy”?', 'Brad Pitt died of suicide shortly after Angelina Jolie filed for divorce from him in September 2016.', 'A photograph shows Donald Trump using an umbrella to keep only himself dry, while another image shows President Obama giving his umbrella to Michelle Obama to keep her dry.', "We're experiencing a net outflow of illegal, undocumented workers from America back to Mexico.", 'Americans "invented the automobile."', 'How Lower Negative Votes Pushed PM Modi’s Ranking In Gallup International’s Poll', 'Charleton Heston speech at Harvard Law School', 'Says he passed a bill to stop a military requirement that wounded soldiers pay for meals and phone calls.', 'Will "use my experience as (Milwaukee) County Executive to work with the private sector to reopen these centers and make them self-sufficient. During my tenure, we were able to partner with the private sector to increase support for our parks and attractions."', 'Brad Pitt ‘Terrified’ Angelina Jolie’s Casting Voodoo Spells Against Him, ', 'Jennifer Lawrence Angry At Bradley Cooper For Casting Lady Gaga In ‘A Star Is Born’?', 'Kendall Jenner, Ben Simmons Getting Married?', 'Justin Bieber Did Dine With “Bevy Of Girls” After Church, ', 'Says Hillary Clinton opposed an individual mandate and favored an employer mandate back in 1993.', 'Americans spend more than $160 billion and 6 billion hours per year complying with the tax code.', 'Bush’s Baked Beans Issues Recall', 'An American Airlines pilot penned an essay about Muslims entitled "You Worry Me."', 'Tax Refund Notification From IRS', 'For the sixth straight year, we have secured record funding for K-12 and state universities.', 'Under Mayor Cicilline, [Providence] was a sanctuary city.', 'Japan’s Damaged Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Reactor Falling into Ocean', 'In exchange for five minutes with Bill Clinton, the government of Qatar was going to give $1 million to the Clinton Foundation.', 'We have lost 600,000 jobs over the period of the last 10 years. Only Michigan and California have done worse.', 'Talk show host Oprah Winfrey is pregnant with her first child at 61.', 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Online posts claiming Robredo camp orders burning of pro-Marcos ballots', 'Says Hillary Clinton "laid the groundwork" for getting chemical weapons out of Syria.', 'More than three women per day lose their lives at the hands of their partners.', "Three poll workers were arrested for voter fraud during Alabama's special election in December 2017.", 'First Communion on the Moon', 'Says Charlie Crist rode on a jet that "belongs to a serial polluter with a history of environmental violations fined nearly $2 million for polluting water."', 'Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson "voted to cut $700m from Medicare."', 'The bible ... says that slavery is a natural condition.', 'As a result of welfare reform, "poverty levels went down to the lowest level ever for ... African-American children."', 'Government subsidies for renewable energies such as wind and solar are 100 times greater than those given to gas and coal, and 50 times greater than what the nuclear industry enjoys.', 'Fake News Alert: AICTE has not issued any Circular scrapping the 75% Attendance rule for Engineering', 'Caitlyn Jenner Doing “Dancing With The Stars” Athletes Edition?', 'Deadly Klebsiella Plague from China Poses Public Health Threat to U.S.', 'James Dobson said that parents should shoot transgender individuals if they use the "wrong" restroom.', 'The academic achievements of our student-athletes are mentioned in the same breath and spirit as Notre Dame and Stanford.', 'Request from Whatsapp to Forward Messages to Friends', '“San Juan City Council votes unanimously to impeach Trump-hating mayor.”', 'A new study published in the Lancet has officially declared that fluoride is a neurotoxin.', 'Will insulate the Director of National Intelligence from political pressure by giving the DNI a fixed term, like the Chairman of the Federal Reserve. Obama and Biden will seek consistency and integrity at the top of our intelligence community -- not just a political ally.', 'Betsy DeVos said that a 40 percent approval rating meant that President Trump had the support of more than half the country.', 'FACT CHECK: Trump Says Median Household Income Has Reached An All-Time High', 'A list collects statements about rape made by Republican politicians.', 'At my first ‘Let’s Get to Work Day’ … we sold out; more than 240 dozen doughnuts by 8:30 a.m.', "Sen. McConnell says it's not his job to bring jobs to Kentucky.", 'Four Claims About Scooter Pay: Fact Check TV', '4 Free Six Flags Tickets Hitting Facebook', 'The Chilean "privatization scheme" that Sharron Angle supports "has resulted in hidden fees, fewer benefits, and millions of people with no coverage."', 'The Boy Scouts of America lost 425,000 members in May 2018, in response to a decision to integrate more girls into the organization, and to give the "Boy Scouts" program a new, gender-neutral name.', 'Nothing in any of the Democrat bills would require individuals to verify their citizenship or identity prior to receiving taxpayer-subsidized benefits.', "We've started building the wall at the Mexico border.", 'If the Republicans were the majority, (Rep. Barton) would have actually the gavel and the chairmanship.', 'FACT CHECK: Could Nassar Get A Lower Sentence Because Of Judge Aquilina’s Comments?', 'Over the past three years, ‘deep poverty’ has reached its highest level on record.', "A statement reproduces Hillary Clinton's response when asked to identify her major accomplishments as Secretary of State.", 'ObamaCare Enforces Mandatory Home Inspections by Government Workers', 'In September 2017, Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald, R-Juneau, released a statement about the Parental Choice Programs in Wisconsin, which are voucher programs that allow low-income students to attend selected private schools. Fitzgerald claimed that students in Parental Choice Programs across Wisconsin are outperforming their peers on the ACT, a college preparedness exam taken by all 11th graders in the state. Fitzgerald made this claim after the state Department of Public Instruction released the results for learning assessments administered during the 2016-17 school year. ', "A photograph shows two children holding a 'F*CK Donald Trump' sign at a Chicago rally.", 'Help Identify Two Year Old Tsunami Victim Email', 'We have the highest (corporate tax rates) in the world right now.', 'Mila Kunis Had Ashton Kutcher’s ‘The Ranch’ Co-Star Fired From Show Over Jealousy?', 'A judge took the Star Scientific tax case away from Ken Cuccinelli', 'Even if you took literally every single ounce of platinum in the world, it still wouldn’t add up to enough needed to pay down our nation’s debt.', 'Obama spent "40 percent of the PAC money, 43 percent to be exact, on Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina politicians."', 'Says the Texas Department of Agriculture seeks to purchase up to 300,000 promotional stress balls.', 'The General Assembly "has no explicit constitutional authority to impose income, sales, estate and the myriad of other taxes upon us."', 'Red tape is responsible for an Australian mine now waiting three years for approval, compared with just 12 months five years ago.', 'Our tax code is . . . 80,000 pages.', 'Partner with universities... State economic development grants will always include partnerships with universities to develop research strengths into unique clusters.', 'There is no war on coal. Period. There are more coal jobs and more coal produced in Ohio than there were five years ago, in spite of the talking points and the yard signs.', 'Says "Texas U.S. Rep John Culberson voted to let insurance companies charge people 50 and over five times more than younger people."', 'Boycott Exxon and Mobil?', 'British Airways 100 All Inclusive First Class Trips', 'Legoland Pages Duping Facebook Users', 'Action by the Milwaukee County Board will "provide the County Executive with the same level of security as the Governor and the Mayor of Milwaukee while saving taxpayers $300,000."', 'Mike Huckabee raised taxes on dog groomers!', 'Jennifer Lopez Refused To Get In Pool For Music Video?', 'sircam@mm Virus', 'The Clinton campaign paid Beyonce and Jay Z $62 million to perform a concert in Cleveland.', 'Nicole Kidman Pregnant With ‘Miracle Baby,’ ', 'Georgia’s CRCT "set some of the lowest expectations for student proficiency in the nation."', 'Trump Mocks Trudeau For Celebrating Thanksgiving Six Weeks Early?', 'Yesterday for the first time she said she wants to renegotiate trade agreements.', 'Bananas from Costa Rica infected with flesh eating bacteria', 'Right now in Georgia, nearly one in three leaving our prisons are re-convicted within three years.', 'A clear majority of Americans support removing the cost-sharing requirement for prescription contraceptive coverage.', 'An arms dealer advertised a weapon for its ability to fit into a small backpack.', '“Local government receives an average of 9% from the national fiscus”', 'Sens. Isakson’s, Chambliss’ Votes Against Unemployment Insurance Were Votes to Kill Nearly 6,000 Georgia Jobs.', "We've seen priests beheaded by the Islamic rebels on the other side. We've also seen an Islamic rebel eating the heart of a soldier.", 'Says the Georgia Dome would need up to $350 million in work over the next five to seven years.', 'Caitlyn Jenner Posing Nude, ', 'As governor, Gina will: Establish the Rhode Island Innovation Institute (RI II), a center dedicated to taking the good ideas coming out of our colleges and universities and turning them into products that we make right here in Rhode Island.', 'In a leaked e-mail, Hillary Clinton said "we must destroy Syria for Israel."', 'Margot Robbie’s Husband Fears Leonardo DiCaprio Is Out To Steal Her?', 'Scott Walker opposed a plan to help Wisconsin students refinance their student loans.', 'Barack Obama "extended health care for wounded troops who\'d been neglected."', 'Says the United States has the "highest corporate tax rate in the world."', 'Evidence is mounting that marijuana legalization reduces opioid addiction numbers.', 'Taylor Swift Got “No Love” From “Girl Squad” On Birthday?', 'The Arizona State Board of Education’s "failure to report teachers whose certifications have been revoked or suspended ... resulted in the death of a student."', 'MADD-sponsored email petition for the president of the U.S.', 'Deandre Joshua Was Murdered over Grand Jury Testimony', 'The ratio of corporate profits to wages is now higher than at any time since just before the Great Depression.', 'Statement: “The San Diego Padres began the season with the 29th-highest payroll in baseball, at just under $38 million — or about two-thirds of what the Yankees spent on the left side of their infield,” The New York Times reported on its baseball blog, Bats, Oct. 3.', 'Photo Shows What Tick Eggs Look Like', 'A panel of experts has agreed to advise ABC Fact Check for its work on economic issues.', 'Tampa mayoral opponent Bob Buckhorn "supported forcing police officers to keep their guns locked in the trunks of their cruisers."', 'The United States is "50th in life expectancy" in the world.', 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Then and now: How these lawmakers stand on the death penalty', 'A New York City man made a million dollars selling altered Chuck E. Cheese tokens as "Bitcoins".', 'A bag of Cheetos costs less to buy than an apple, and in some Milwaukee neighborhoods "good luck trying to find an apple or a banana or some sort of healthy option"', 'Twenty-five percent of our kids in foster care are there because their parents are involved in drugs.', 'Says the Obama administration invited "Russia into Syria."', 'The Trump Winery near Charlottesville, Va. is the "largest winery on the East Coast."', 'Says Dean Heller "has voted for a GOP bill that funded efforts to revive Yucca Mountain."', 'As a Congressman, J.D. Hayworth was an avid earmarker who supported such pork as "$220,000 to renovate a Maine Blueberry farm" and "$5.8 million for a Vermont snowmobile trail."', 'Tall Tale Bad Little Boys Threatening Letter to Santa', 'Single Volcano Erased Years of Carbon Dioxide Reduction Efforts', 'Did Attorney Michael Cohen Advertise His Services as ‘The Fixer?’', 'For every dollar we put in unemployment, it pays back about $1.60.', 'Russ Feingold "voted against the law that protected our lakes" and "was the only Great Lakes senator to vote no."', 'President Barack Obama is "ending Medicare as we know it."', 'I cut more as a percentage out of government than any state in the country this past decade. And where is Michigan in terms of its economic growth? Cutting did not result in economic growth.', 'In 1999, Donald Trump lobbied against mandatory sprinklers for apartment buildings in New York, including his own Trump Tower.', "The oddest thing is he doesn't want to do for America what he did for Massachusetts. He did mandate health care for Massachusetts, which is HillaryCare, and he doesn't want to do that for America.", 'By the time Obama took office, "The Bush administration had given the car companies $13 billion and the money was now gone."', 'Monica Lewinksy Found Dead, Murdered in Attempted Burglary', 'The Florida Supreme Court has "no express authority in the Florida Constitution" to remove questions from the ballot proposed by the Legislature.', 'Says he "opposed $716 billion cut to Medicare."', 'The Susan G. Komen breast cancer organization gives only 20% of their donations to cancer research and pays their CEO $684,000 per year.', 'An animator for the "My Little Pony" cartoon series was arrested for child pornography, proving that the PedoGate conspiracy is real.', 'Statement: “Projected take-offs and landings are expected to increase to as much as 260,000 a year by 2015 — 30 percent more than today,” the San Diego Airport Authority said in a brochure explaining the need for a new airport, which became a failed ballot initiative in 2006.', 'Vice President Biden’s Two Night Trip to London and Paris Cost Over $1 Million', "Did President Obama 'Stiff' the 'Wrong Waiter'?", 'Another week, and another ad on the airwaves in the 8th Congressional District. There, Republican Stewart Mills is running against incumbent DFL Rep. Rick Nolan in one of the hottest races in the country. Mills is getting a lot of help from National Republican Congressional Committee, which targets Nolan for being “dangerously liberal” in its newest ad. “Nolan voted to cut funding for the fight against Al Qaeda. Veterans aren’t receiving health care, yet Nolan voted against funding the veteran’s health administration. And hardworking Minnesotans are just trying to make ends meet. Nolan voted against work requirements for welfare recipients.” ', 'Kim Kardashian Did Try To “Steal Beyonce’s Twin Thunder,” ', 'Maryland, Michigan and Arizona Allow Muslims Students to Pray in Schools', 'President Barack Obama’s policies have forced "many parts of the country to experience rolling blackouts."', 'Our schools should provide to all parents a concise easy to understand financial statement about how much resources the school received and how the money was spent and what the academic outcomes were for the year. To make it even more relevant the data will be compared with other schools in the district and with other schools across the state.', 'Ben Carson is running for president to ‘eliminate dependency on government.’ But he doesn’t mention that he grew up in public schools, got public housing and food stamps, got free glasses from a government program, was helped by Affirmative Action, and got Pell Grants for college.', 'On torture.', 'Eric Cantor "took $5 million from Sheldon Adelson," a Las Vegas casino owner.', 'Wrestler Hulk Hogan has passed away after being shot in the head.', 'Tanzania farmers face 12 years in prison for trading seeds thanks to foreign aid.', 'Says Republican U.S. Senate candidate Ted Cruz "opposes the DREAM Act, which is supported by 85% of Latinos."', 'Recent census data shows that the average American family spends over $13,000 a year for health care coverage.', 'With this reform, every insured American gets valuable consumer protections, and every uninsured American can become insured.', "Will expedite the development of the Shuttle's successor systems for carrying Americans to space so we can minimize the gap. This will be difficult; underfunding by the Bush administration has left NASA with limited flexibility to accelerate the development of the new systems.", 'Says Donald Trump is "the first person running for president, Republican or Democrat, who refused to say that he would respect the results of this election."', 'Top Admiral Fired for Exposing Obama’s Dubai Mansion Purchase', 'The high-speed rail project would create "60,000-plus jobs for Floridians."', 'As health minister Tony Abbott "took $1 billion out of hospital funding for the states".', 'Repealing the health care law "would save $95 billion in 2016."', 'Says Marco Rubio "is the one for an open border."', 'Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher Headed For Divorce Over “Cheating Secrets,” ', 'Sen. Jim Webb "persists on negating" Sen. Mark Warner’s votes', 'It’s possible that non-citizen voters were responsible for Obama’s 2008 victory in North Carolina.', 'In writing his book, Gov. Perry pointed out that … by any measure Social Security has been a failure.', 'The 58-minute Aug. 2 video, a spliced version of which trended over the weekend and caused social media uproar, opens with her co-host, Drew Olivar, chanting “Pepe-dede-ralismo,” punning “federalism” and the Filipino words for female genitals and breasts.', '“For the first time, 30% of the budget was earmarked for capital expenditure”', 'The coalition of Arab states against Libya’s Moammar Gadhafi is the biggest coalition against a fellow Arab leader since the Persian Gulf War in 1990-1991.', 'Since the Sandy Hook tragedy, more than seven children PER DAY have died from gun violence.', "FACT CHECK: Does The U.S. Have The 'Highest Employment Numbers We’ve Ever Had'?", "Did a Buffalo Wild Wings Worker Turn Down the National Anthem Because It Is 'Divisive'?", 'An estimated 8 million children worldwide live in orphanages or residential institutions. Shockingly, 80 percent of these children are not orphans.', 'Britney Spears Memory Loss Worrying Friends And Family?', 'Photograph depicts the removal of Bill Cosby\'s Hollywood "Walk of Fame" Star.', 'VERA FILES FACT SHEET: Impeachment and the judiciary in the ‘Federal Republic of the Philippines’', 'FACT CHECK: ‘The Vast Majority of Mass Shootings Have Not Taken Place With Automatic Weapons’', 'Coca-Cola and Nestle are negotiating with the Brazilian government to privatize the Guarani Aquifier in South America.', 'Photographs show watermelons that have been grown in such a way as to force them into square shapes.', 'Congress is on "vacation."', 'Paul Ryan nominated televangelist Joel Osteen as the new House Chaplain.', 'Disney Still A Favourite Target for Facebook Scammers', 'The Budget Ax that Didn’t Fall: Fact Check TV', 'Rock-rapper Kid Rock is country Singer Hank Williams Jr.’s son', 'FACT CHECK: Bernie Sanders Video Downplays Health Care Wait Times In Canada', 'NFL QB Colin Kaepernick Converts to Islam, Refuses to Stand for National Anthem', 'Over the course of one four-year term, it costs taxpayers more than $1 million simply to operate the governor’s mansion.', 'Scammers dupe victims into paying "security keeping fees" to receive courier parcels supposedly containing large checks or other valuables.', "Police assuaged the feelings of millennials protesting Donald Trump's victory by distributing participation trophies.", '25% of human trafficking victims are located in Texas.', 'John Kerry was at 4 percent in the polls in December of 2003...and he ended up becoming the nominee of the party.', 'Claims About the Federal Government’s “Operation Wetback”', 'Campaign Cash and Polls: Fact Check TV', "When I withdrew in June of 2008, polls were showing that at least 40 percent of my supporters said, oh, they weren't going to support Sen. Obama.", 'Fifty-six percent decline in overall crime. A 73 percent decline in motor-vehicle theft. A 67 percent decline in robbery. A 66 percent decline in murder. This is way beyond what happened in the nation during this period of time.\ttrue\t/truth-o-meter/statements/2007/oct/26/rudy-giuliani/hes-got-his-numbers-right/\tAt a speech to the Manhattan Institute in New York City with Louis Freeh, the former director of the FBI, former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani bragged, as he often dows, about his crime-fighting prowess. Fifty-six percent decline in overall crime. A 73 percent decline in motor-vehicle theft. A 67 percent decline in robbery. A 66 percent decline in murder. This is way beyond what happened in the nation during this period of time." During his eight years in office, federal records do show that rates of violent and property crime in New York dropped as sharply as he claims. It is also true that those rates of decline outpaced national averages, and that New York boasted a low violent crime rate compared to the biggest big cities, like Los Angeles and Houston. But his claims do come with some caveats: Numerous studies have failed to show that the politicies of Giuiliani and his police commanders were directly responsible for the decline in crime. Crime rates dropped nationwide during those years, 1994-2001, and most large cities saw significant declines; San Francisco, in fact, enjoyed the steepest drop in violent crime. And, significantly, violent crime rates in New York City had been falling for three years before he took office.', 'Gangs have increased by 40 percent since this president was elected.', 'Hunters Kill 185-Year-Old Alligator in Mississippi', 'Most of your serial killers, most of your people who commit domestic violence, they start off by abusing animals.', 'The 2005 movie Category 7: The End of the World predicted the arrival of hurricanes named Harvey and Irma.', 'By June 30, 2011, Nathan Deal and a team of leaders will come up with possible improvements to better fund public education.', 'Fake Dan Bilzerian CEO Facebook Page', 'Angelina Jolie Adopting Baby With New Husband?', "I'm for a three-state political solution in Iraq. (Romney) is not.", 'The Trump administration announced it would be spending 90 percent less on advertising a shortened open enrollment period for Obamacare in 2018.', 'Because of Obamacare "people’s premiums ... are going up 35, 45, 55 percent."', 'Mary Anne MacLeod, President Donald Trump’s mother, illegally immigrated to the United States in 1929.', 'Dog Capitn Sleeps At Owners Grave', 'Kim Kardashian “Freaking Out” Over Arrival Of Baby #3, ', '“The number of children attending Grade R has more than doubled, moving from about 300 thousand to more than 700 thousand between 2003 and 2011.”', 'Says Rand Paul denied that he "put forward a bill ... to zero out foreign aid and specifically spoke about Israel."', 'Even after collective bargaining reforms, most Wisconsin public employees "are still paying about 12 to 13 percent" of their health insurance premiums, while most state residents who work in the private sector "pay 20 to 25 percent."', 'President Obama signed an executive order to replace Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia with Rashad Hussain.', 'The election bill "allows persons to correct an absentee ballot if they did not sign it and requires an extra two hours a day for early voting. Everything else in this bill is discretionary."', 'Late changes to the Arizona immigration law "lay to rest questions over the possibility of racial profiling."', 'Iggy Azalea Warning Khloe Kardashian That Tristan Thompson Will Cheat On Her, ', 'In 2012, there were nearly 12.2 million arrests and only 410 "uses of deadly force" by police in the United States.', "I've never supported a payroll tax.", 'SNP claim of 2500% increase in child food bank use is Mostly True', 'The home-mortgage deduction is widely thought to be "a middle-class benefit. It\'s not -- 73 percent of it goes to people making a quarter-million dollars or more a year."', 'Columnist Charles Krauthammer wrote an opinion piece entitled "The Enemy Among Us" alleging that former President Barack Obama was creating a "shadow government" through his nonprofit Organizing for Action.', 'It is rare that a retirement grade determination is conducted for an officer previously retired from the U.S. armed forces.', 'We had (a bill) in Florida where we now are prohibiting doctors to talk -- particularly pediatricians -- to talk to their patients about gun safety in the home.', 'Says Australians subsidise the car industry by $18 per head — well below the United States and Germany.', 'Angelina Jolie Still Moving To England With Brad Pitt’s Kids, ', 'New research suggests that Marmite helps combat premature ejaculation.', 'Points of Light is "the world’s largest volunteer organization."', "Let's not blame President Bush for all of this. We've got a Congress who sat around on their hands and done nothing but spend a lot of money ... leaving us $9-trillion in debt that we're passing on to our grandchildren.", 'An economic impact study found that for every $1 invested in pre-K in Pennsylvania, a total of $1.79 is generated in total spending within the state.', 'In 67 different ways, Governor McCrory has raised taxes on middle income families.', 'Says President Barack Obama "appointed Eric Holder as attorney general. Eric Holder said he viewed his mission as brainwashing the American people against guns."', 'Orlando Bloom ‘Betrayed’ Katy Perry By ‘Getting Handsy’ With Other Women?', 'An image shows Jimi Hendrix covered in tattoos while riding a dune buggy.', 'Good news from Baghdad', 'Is Planned Parenthood Using $30 Million in Taxpayer Funds to Influence the Midterm Elections?', 'Wisconsin is "38th in the country in terms of proficiency standards" in student testing.', 'Are Hotels Required to Accept Pets During Natural Disasters?', 'Bernie Sanders wants to tax churches at a rate of 90 percent.', 'Meghan Markle Did Make “$500 Million Deal” With Queen Elizabeth, ', 'Since January 2015, the "majority of our" Austin City Council "meetings have extended past 10 p.m." and "many of our meetings have gone past midnight."', 'Dr. Charles Krauthammer comments about President Obama', 'Says as Indiana governor, he has made "record investments in education."', 'Jennifer Aniston, Brad Pitt “Having Baby” Together?', 'In a budget deal struck in 2011 "a trillion dollars of cuts went into effect immediately, and then a special committee was set up ... to get agreement on another $3 trillion of cuts."', 'A sign in Dearborn, Mich., for the Advancement of Islamic Agenda for America says, "Allah be praised. America we will kill you all and nothing you can do to stop it."', 'Bitstrips App a Secret Spyware for NSA', 'There has been no load-shedding since August last year.', 'In New York state, "you cannot charge an older person even one dollar more than a younger person" for health insurance.', 'We are bogged down in a war that John McCain now suggests might go on for another 100 years.', 'Says Rep. Tammy "Duckworth has been a staunch supporter of expanding the spending, size and reach of the IRS."', 'Every poll said I won the debate.', 'As governor, Kasich delivered the largest tax cut in the nation.', 'If Austin voters reject Proposition 1, a "completely new City-run" criminal background check "process will cost millions in processing fees, additional staff, and bureaucracy" with taxpayers getting "the bill."', 'Barack Hussein Obama will ... force courts to accept Islamic Sharia law in domestic disputes.', 'The actor who played Stuart Minkus on the television series Boy Meets World become the actress Chanel West Coast.', 'A French woman got one of Princess Diana’s kidneys in a transplant', '2017 Range Rover Giveaway', 'Virginia ranked near the bottom of the nation 50 years ago in per capita income but is in the top 10 today. It had a "very low" rate of higher education attainment but is now above the national average.', "Republican presidential nominees usually aren\\'t bold enough to go into communities of color and take the case right to them.", 'Country Music Legend Merle Haggard Has Died', 'Bill White spent his city billions of dollars into debt (and) saw crime rates soar while he backed gun control.', 'Says first eight chosen to draw Austin City Council districts are seven Democratic primary voters and one Republican primary voter.', 'Family Tree Maker version 9 genealogy software Is spyware', 'The SNP could not have allowed public sector bid for ScotRail', "NASA will hire someone (with a secret security clearance) to ensure alien life doesn't make its way to Earth.", 'Photograph shows school buses caught in a flooded New Orleans parking lot because no one ordered them to be deployed to evacuate residents ahead of Hurricane Katrina.', 'FACT CHECK: Is ‘Praise Be To God’ Etched Into The Washington Monument?', 'Wisconsin women "are paid 81 cents to the dollar of a man doing the same job."', 'Johns Hopkins Scientist Questions Flu Vaccine', 'Austin is the only city in an arid landscape in the western United States dependent on a single source of water.', 'Says the United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world with 2.3 million inmates, and the majority of Americans are imprisoned because they sold small amounts of drugs.', "Official: Rudy Giuliani officially resigns, Trump’s legal team on it's last leg.", 'A Florida man was arrested after rounding up pedophiles and burning them alive on a barbecue.', 'For the first time in 13 years, our dependence on foreign oil is below 50 percent.', 'The experienced many times more school shootings between 2009 and 2018 than 27 other countries combined.', 'Says the University of Wisconsin football program is spending almost all of its Bowl Championship Series payout on a Rose Bowl junket for politically connected officials', 'The minimum wage is mostly an entry-level wage for young people.', 'FACT CHECK: Was Obama Not Briefed By His CIA Director Every Day?', 'Says "in Oregon only 41 percent of adults have ever been tested" for HIV.', 'Under federal law, Jared Loughner "would not have been able to buy a gun" had he been identified as mentally ill.', 'When asked by Hillary Clinton why she thought the U.S. hasn\'t had a female president yet, Mother Teresa answered, "Because you probably aborted her."', 'Says Hillary Clinton "filibustered legislation to reform" Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.', 'As governor, I will: (Create a) Rhode Island School Building Authority (to) sustainably and affordably rebuild our schools.', 'Texas\' current constitutional spending limit "must be strengthened." Imposing a tougher limit would require lawmakers to send voters a proposed constitutional amendment.', 'On support for Common Core education standards', 'Brad Pitt Using Custody Negotiations To Get Back Together With Angelina Jolie?', 'Native Americans provided NASA with a cryptic message to take to the moon.', 'The claim: Prime Minister Tony Abbott says the Government cannot change the GST without the agreement of the states and territories, and consensus in the federal parliament.', "Florida's cost for the Medicaid expansion will be $1.6 billion a year or more.", 'Pen PC - Pen Shaped Miniature Personal Computer', 'Trump Flew To Montana For A Rally - Here Are 3 Checks On His Claims', 'As governor, Mike Huckabee supported higher income taxes, sales taxes, gas taxes, grocery taxes, tobacco taxes, beer taxes, Internet taxes, nursing home bed taxes.', 'Kathy Manning gave "nearly $1 million to liberals"', 'Says the unemployment rate for African-American youths is 59 percent.', '“The unemployment rate amongst our youth is more than twice that of adults.”', 'Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid Were Secret Lovers?', 'Trojan Virus Has Infected Over Half a Million Macintosh Computers', 'Because of Obamacare, you have so many part-time jobs.', 'Local law enforcement . . . will have access to the [Obamacare] Data Hub’s treasure trove of personal info.', 'Mayor Andrew Gillum says he’s indefinitely suspending his campaign for governor in light of a fatal shooting in Tallahassee at a yoga studio on Friday.', 'Will "reduce oil consumption overall by at least 35 percent, or 10 million barrels of oil, by 2030."', 'In 1993 the Republicans embraced a health platform that proudly features an individual mandate as its main component.', 'Says North Korea has "agreed to denuclearization."', 'According to a new law, email Spam is okay', 'Obama\'s plan to raise the capital gains tax "hurts the middle class."', 'John Denver an Army Sniper?', 'Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie’s Daughter Shiloh Planning Divorce Tell-All?', 'Katie Holmes Pregnant, ', 'World Trade Center leaseholder Larry Silverstein bought terrorism insurance two months before 9/11, then collected double its value on the grounds that there were two attacks.', 'The various offices of state government have purchased more than $11 million in vehicles, not counting leases, for use from the Governor on down during the last two years.', 'Donald Trump broke royal protocol by arriving late to meet Queen Elizabeth, failing to bow, and walking in front of her.', 'San Antonio Theatre Shooter Stopped by Off Duty Sheriff Deputy', "The claim: The budget papers say the Government will achieve $80 billion in savings from hospitals and schools. Bill Shorten says this is a cut. Tony Abbott says it isn't.", 'Says there are "ample means" to "tell when someone is a Christian in the Middle East ... by name, by where they’re born, their birth certificates."', 'Terry McAuliffe proposes … creation of the Virginia Biotech Startup Program. Designed to supply critically needed startup funds to entrepreneurs, inventors, or scientists hoping to prepare an idea to attract private capital, this program would receive an initial capitalization of between 2.5 and 5 million dollars (depending on budget conditions) and would then be replenished as loans are repaid.', 'THIS WEEK IN FAKE NEWS: Aquino family destroyed Marcos mansion', 'The first year ... Bob will modernize land development codes to incorporate New Urbanism concepts and form based zoning in order to encourage the development of our urban neighborhoods.', "Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Scott DesJarlais's (TN-04) Republican Majority.", 'Is Half Of Tanzania’s Deaf Population Illiterate?', 'Priests Weren’t Allowed to Say Mass During Government Shutdown', 'Brad Pitt Fears Jennifer Aniston, Angelina Jolie Oscars “Showdown”?', 'FactFind: Is Shane Ross right to say his drink-driving bill could save 35 lives?', 'Rhode Island has "the most burdensome level of health-insurance mandates in the nation."', 'If Florida expanded Medicaid, "some studies indicate it would create about 120,000 jobs."', 'California has passed a law allowing undocumented residents to vote.', 'Hillary Clinton inconvenienced U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan', 'Says Ann Kirkpatrick walked out "on constituents when questioned" on the Affordable Care Act.', 'On sharing power with Republicans', 'In a speech Oct. 12 in Malacañang, Duterte urged the “Yellow” and the “Reds” to unite against him. Yellow is a color associated with the Liberal Party, red with communist groups.', 'Did the Media Ignore Obama Calling Libya a ‘Shit Show’?', 'Ken Cuccinelli would "take money away from public schools to fund private schools."', 'Most federal employees do not have collective bargaining for benefits, nor for pay.', 'Says North Carolina gives taxpayer dollars to private schools, but "we really don’t know what these schools are doing or how they are performing."', 'Kris Jenner, Caitlyn Jenner Hooking Up?!', 'Says Philando Castile "had been stopped by police 40 or 50 times before that fatal incident."', 'Says a Lubbock terror suspect’s alleged plan "to use baby dolls to conceal chemical explosives" is similar to a 1995 plot "to blow up 12 jumbo jets over the Pacific Ocean."', 'Fancy a New Range Rover? Me Too, But Liking and Sharing on Facebook Wont Get you One!', 'Says he never told anyone he hated the U.S. Senate.', 'FACT CHECK: Did The Clinton-DNC Agreement Only Apply To The General Election?', 'Obamacare "cuts seniors’ Medicare."', '2008: Unions Spent $400 Million to Elect Obama.', 'Pink “Pushed To The Brink” Over Carey Hart’s Drinking?', 'Facebook Page Violation of Terms', 'Will use the power of the presidency to fight for an independent watchdog agency to oversee the investigation of congressional ethics violations so that the public can be assured that ethics complaints will be investigated.', 'When you throw 23 million people off of health insurance -- people with cancer, people with heart disease, people with diabetes -- thousands of people will die. … This is study after study making this point.', 'Fake News Police: ‘Firdaus We Ascend’ Islamic State WhatsApp Hoax Goes Viral', 'Statement: “It was just after midday in San Diego, California, when the disruption started. In the tower at the airport, air-traffic controllers peered at their monitors only to find that their system for tracking incoming planes was malfunctioning. At the Naval Medical Center, emergency pagers used for summoning doctors stopped working. Chaos threatened in the busy harbour, too, after the traffic-management system used for guiding boats failed. On the streets, people reaching for their cellphones found they had no signal and bank customers trying to withdraw cash from local ATMs were refused,” New Scientist magazine wrote March 6, 2011.', 'Legislation passed by the U.S. government allows horses to be slaughtered for food in that country.', 'Julia Roberts Snubbing “Pretty Woman” Musical?', 'Bananas on a fishing boat are unlucky.', 'Says Ted Cruz "said I was in favor in Libya. I never discussed that subject."', 'Days after the (Osama bin Laden) raid, Hollywood was invited into the White House so that they could receive a briefing that revealed intelligence sources and methods.', 'A U.S. War Department film from the 1940s warns Americans that political rhetoric condemning minorities and foreigners is a precursor to fascist movements like Nazism.', 'John F. Kennedy, Jr. wrote in 1999 that Donald Trump would be "would be an unstoppable force for ultimate justice.\'', 'Two people in Florida were arrested for selling golden tickets to heaven.', 'The Slavery Tax Refund', 'How Did Black Friday Get Its Name?', "Former Monty Python member John Cleese penned a satirical piece announcing the revocation of America's independence for failure to elect a competent president.", 'A photograph captures undocumented immigrants lining up to vote in Battsville, Arizona.', 'Social Security and Medicare are "a Ponzi scheme."', 'The weight of a prayer', 'VA Destroyed Records to Reduce Backlog', 'Three or four countries out of roughly 60 in the anti-ISIS coalition "are providing military force."', 'Donald Trump stated he would declare war on Americans or people inside the U.S. if elected President.', 'Thieves can obtain your home address, banking details, e-mail address, phone number, and other personal details from discarded boarding passes.', 'A photograph shows the Clintons posing with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.', 'Saturn Will Be Closest to Earth in May than Ever Before', "An inattentive janitor caused several deaths in a hospital when he disconnected patients' life support systems to plug in a floor polisher.", 'John McCain "began his career in Washington as a lobbyist when he was appointed in 1976 as the Navy\'s liaison to the United States Senate."', 'A photograph shows the Arch of Baal erected on the National Mall in Washington, D.C.', 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Duterte, Calida give conflicting versions of West Philippine Sea arbitral tribunal ruling', 'FDA Find Coors Light Beers Laced With Cocaine', 'Congressional Black Caucus Proposes White Tax', "Chris Christie was so angry at Donald Trump for picking Mike Pence over him as a running mate that he refused to retrieve Trump's dry cleaning.", 'Is This the First Caravan Member to Be Granted Asylum in the United States?', 'Old Tornado Video From Sri Lanka Shared As Cyclone Ockhi', 'Slot machines in Miami-Dade and Broward counties have generated 20 percent of the promised $500 million per year for schools.', 'The claim: Clive Palmer says the economy would be better off if Australian companies were not forced to pay tax in instalments.', 'Says more than eight countries lead the United States in the percentage of college graduates.', 'The claim: David Manne says independent evidence clearly shows that Cambodia is engulfed in a human rights crisis.', 'Gwen Stefani, Blake Shelton Did Put Baby, Wedding Plans On Hold, ', 'Says "we’re losing one voter every 13 minutes."', 'Responding to China’s concern about his orders, Duterte brought up the possibility of selling the contested islands and reefs when the country is wealthy enough.', 'Virginia "is home to more veterans per capita than any state in America."', 'The federal government has spent over $150,000, just the Secret Service alone, for the privilege of renting Donald Trump golf carts to protect Donald Trump on his rounds.', "Did Pat Robertson Say 'Staring' at Melania Trump 'Can Heal Gays'?", 'Statement: “You have to understand, Diann’s testimony took place at a public hearing on the problems with the pension system. The city manager was proposing certain solutions that really weren’t that great. But it was at a public hearing. This was not hidden at all,” former Mayor Dick Murphy, said in an interview on KPBS radio on Oct. 5.', 'Miley Cyrus is Dead', 'Getting rid of the filibuster “would be the end of the Senate as it was originally devised and created going back to our Founding Fathers.”', 'Stephen Miller — a principal architect of the Trump administration’s immigration policy — is the descendant of asylum seekers who escaped anti-Jewish persecution in Eastern Europe.', 'Jobs incentive program "created over 1,200 high-wage jobs since 2009."', 'This is the slowest job recovery since Hoover.', 'Southwest Air Tickets to Anywhere in the World', 'President Obama has cancelled all upcming appearances at campaign events for Hillary Clinton in October 2016.', 'On spending growth under Gov. Andrew Cuomo: "Despite the fact that you continue to suggest that you’ve been able to hold the two percent, you haven’t."', 'Beyonce, Jay Z Did Spend $10 Million On Twins, ', 'Couple Arrested For Selling ‘Golden Tickets To Heaven.', 'Every American now is $51,000 in debt. That’s money I owe, that’s money my children owe before they even go to kindergarten, that’s their check to the federal government right now.', 'Maurice Ferre says Kendrick Meek "has voted 98.6 percent of the time with the Democrat party."', 'African-Americans don\'t use drugs at a higher level than whites but "wind up going to prison six times more."', 'Statement: “Actually, the (tax) that you pay is small compared to what you pay total for gas. That is, it’s 10 percent,” said state Sen. Juan Vargas in a recent Univision interview.', 'The only years that anybody\'s ever seen of Donald Trump’s tax returns "showed he didn\'t pay any federal income tax."', 'Mark Zuckerberg is David Rockefeller’s Grandson?', 'Says "Tammy Baldwin had the opportunity to vote to honor the victims of 9/11 and she voted against it."', 'Says "80 percent of the tax breaks in" President Donald Trump’s tax-cut "proposal go to the top 1 percent, that is, people making more than $730,000 a year."', 'Create a new Small Business Health Tax Credit to provide small businesses with a refundable tax credit of up to 50 percent on premiums paid by small businesses on behalf of their employees. To be eligible for the credit, small businesses will have to offer a quality health plan to all of their employees and cover a meaningful share of the cost of employee health premiums.', 'Says 15,000 IRS employees "have to be added to administer ‘ObamaCare’ and look at the tax implications."', 'The mobilization of the military in response to the storms in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands "is the largest ever mobilization of our military in a naval and marine operation" and an Air Force carrier there "was the first-ever as well."', 'The vast majority of our public school students are receiving less state support than their private voucher peers.', 'Under Tom Barrett’s leadership, violent crime in Milwaukee has decreased by over 20% -- to its lowest levels in more than 20 years.', 'The government can cut tax by 15% and "get back the same amount of tax anyway".', "A trail cam in Alabama snapped a photograph of an unknown creature's horrifying feet in March 2018.", 'Is This Donald Trump’s Cousin’s Obituary?', 'Is ‘LGBT’ Adding a ‘P’ for Pedosexuals?', 'Black Lives Matter, who are attacking law enforcement officers -- Barack Obama "had them to the White House."', 'Transporting drugs "is the price of admission" for people crossing the border illegally.', "'Door-to-Door Salesman Stealing Dogs'", 'Financial conflict-of-interest "laws don\'t apply to the president, right? So, the president doesn\'t have to have a blind trust."', 'A photograph shows an owl experiencing an orgasm.', 'Says Planned Parenthood provides about 140 visits for prenatal care in each state.', 'A photograph shows a group of sheep squeezing through a gate, despite no fence hemming them in.', 'Said he will cut the corporate income tax for new small businesses in their first decade', 'Phone Numbers Now On Facebook', 'The FDA classified walnuts as drugs.', 'Will shift some of the sales tax collected on vehicle sales to the transportation fund, beefing up that account. "We need to diversify our funding," Walker said. Currently, sales tax money is used for general state operations.', 'Representative Frederica Wilson has never supported a bill intended to help military veterans.', 'Rose O’Donnell Got an ISIS Tattoo', 'The McDonnell administration will expand loan forgiveness and scholarship programs for health care professionals with an emphasis on placing health care professionals in rural areas.', 'Donald Trump tweeted an opinion that America never should have "given Canada its independence."', 'In 2011, NJ economy ranked 47th--at the bottom with Alabama, Mississippi & Wyoming. Under Christie, NJ is falling behind.', 'Photographs show a USAF airman marshaling a jet in a non-standard, revealing outfit.', '“The matric pass rate has gone up from around 61 percent in 2009 to 78 percent last year and the bachelor passes improve each year.”', 'Khloe Kardashian Demanding Kris Jenner Tell Truth About O.J. Simpson, ', 'Caitlyn Jenner, Kris Jenner Got Back Together?', 'And we’ve constantly been the lowest unemployed county in the state.', 'Did Samsung Pay a $1 Billion Fine to Apple in 5 Cent Coins?', 'Birthday Cards for Danny Nickerson', 'Former Haitian official Klaus Oberwein died in a suspicious suicide days before he was scheduled to testify against either Hillary Clinton or the Clinton Foundation.', '“Under the DA, the matric science pass rate went from 53% to 73%. The maths pass rate went from 65% to 73%.”', 'Gwyneth Paltrow Engaged, ', 'The federal deficit is "growing."', 'It "is Hillary Clinton\'s agenda" to "release the violent criminals from jail. She wants them all released."', 'The water quality in the ocean is perfect. It’s been tested up and down every ocean shore in New Jersey.', 'Did Nike Cut Ties With the Dallas Cowboys Over National Anthem Protests?', 'Soros, Obama and the Dems Ordered the Shutdown to Stage a Coup', 'One of the biggest polluters in our country is the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District.', "When I am president, we'll fight to make sure we are once again first in the world when it comes to high school graduation rates.", 'Ron Wayne was a third Apple co-founder, who in 1976 sold his 10% share in the company for $800', "We had a No Child Left Behind — a similar piece of legislation in our state a number of years ago, well before the federal law. And it's had a big impact here. It's improved schools.", 'Did Pope Francis Forgive 4,444 Pedophile Priests in Australia?', "Trump has spent 123 days golfing, or 1/5 of his term, at a cost to taxpayers of $72,181,957 - and still hasn\\'t visited troops in a war zone.", 'The attorney general requires that rape victims pay for the rape kit.', 'Did the Red Cross Serve This Meal to Hurricane Irma Victims?', 'Says Rick Santorum "funded Planned Parenthood."', 'Fact Check TV: The Shadow Inventory', 'Halos Cuties Are Grown Using Toxic Waste Water', 'Gas Rationing because of Hurricane Katrina?', 'Taylor Swift, Katy Perry Both Moving To London?', 'More than 12,500 service men and women have been discharged on the basis of sexual orientation since the Don\'t Ask, Don\'t Tell" policy was implemented, at a cost of over $360 million. Many of those forced out had special skills in high demand, such as translators, engineers, and pilots."', 'Says the Republican plan to replace Obamacare, "absolutely does not eliminate protections for pre-existing conditions."', 'The elimination of essentially every automobile would be offset by one volcano exploding.', 'Black Friday Originally Referred to Slave Trade', 'The mayor of Ath, in Belgium, refused to remove pork from school canteens in the face of pressure from Muslim parents.', 'Statement about Hitler By Muhammad Ali at ground zero', 'I balanced the budget for four straight years, paid off $405 billion in debt.', 'Our community (Tampa Bay) is one of the 10 most threatened by the sea level rise in the world.', '“Muslim judge rules Muslim man can marry 9-year-old girl in Montana.”', 'When the Constitution was written, (only) 20 to 25 percent of the people in the country could vote.', '75 percent of the jobs created in the state of Ohio are created in small business. They are not created by huge corporations and those who are very wealthy.', 'In Massachusetts, "half of the primary care doctors are not accepting new patients."', 'Brad Pitt, Jennifer Aniston Share “Secret Hideout” In The Hollywood Hills?', "A driver drove into a wall painted to look like a tunnel in a manner similar to Looney Tunes' Road Runner cartoons.", 'Say "Pope says that the rights of Muslim migrants trump any safety concerns that you might have with them in your country."', 'He\'s been endorsed by "every major newspaper here in the state of Texas."', 'Amniocentesis, does, in fact, result more often than not in this country in abortion.', "A touching transcript reproduces a Russian soldier's last words before he ordered an airstrike on himself to kill ISIS members in Syria.", 'An orangutan raped an Irish tourist in Indonesia.', 'Does This Photograph Show the Water Filtration Power of Oysters?', 'Create a "National Health Insurance Exchange to help Americans and businesses purchase private health insurance."', 'Missing Child Alerts - Ashley Lewis Missing From Kannapolis North Carolina', 'Our state has no major rivers to produce big hydropower.', 'The Obama administration "went to court to keep one of these five in jail at Guantanamo just three years ago because he was such a huge risk."', 'Muslims get their way--Illinois will permit wearing burqas in driving licenses photos', 'Statement: “Fifty-eight percent of Latino students in San Diego Unified aren’t reading at grade level,” mayoral candidate Nathan Fletcher wrote in an editorial published by U-T San Diego on Feb. 25.', 'Queen Elizabeth Set to Retire in Feb, 2017 and Pass Crown to Prince William', 'Selena Gomez Going To Be “American Idol” Judge, ', 'Virginia is "the No. 1 recipient of federal dollars."', 'A California pastor praised the Orlando nightclub shooting, saying that it\'s a tragedy more homosexual "predators" and "pedophiles" didn\'t die.', 'House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was seriously injured in a drunk driving collision.', 'Says he "opposed the president’s decision to go into Iraq" in 2003.', 'In every ethics case that has resulted in a formal sanction, "there\'s been an investigative subcommittee that\'s been established first."', 'Texas Town Adds Sugar to Water Supply', '“The insurance companies are getting rich off health care and health insurance and everything having to do with health. We’re going to end that. We’re going to take out the artificial boundaries, the artificial lines. We’re going to get a plan where people compete, free enterprise.”', "The claim: Peter Dutton says it's a fact that 170 people per week today are being diagnosed with dementia, but in a number of years it'll be 7,500 a week.", 'The CDC has proposed a new rule enabling the agency to "apprehend and detain anyone, anywhere, at any time, without Due Process or any right of appeal" and "administer forced vaccinations."', 'Did Daisy the Dog Rescue Hundreds of 9/11 Survivors?', 'Angelina Jolie Using “Higher Power” To “Heal Rift” With Brad Pitt?', '“I was accused by four or five women who got paid a lot of money to make up stories about me.”', 'Florida teachers are "already paid $5,000 below the national average."', 'Issues in the draft Constitution of Duterte’s Con-Com', 'U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey wants public schools to teach women to "stay in their place."', 'Usain Bolt in Critical Condition After Car Accident', 'Communist Group Backs Black Lives Matter Protests', 'Senator Clinton tried to spend $1 million on the Woodstock Concert Museum.', 'There are approximately 18,000 (police) departments in the United States.', "I've created over 40,000 jobs.", 'Before I was state treasurer, my Rhode Island business helped create over 1,000 jobs.', 'Some of the Democrats have been talking about ending (coverage for) pre-existing conditions.', 'Hillary Clinton\'s first name was spelled "Hilliary" on election ballots printed for use in Lonoke County, Arkansas.', 'Hillary Clinton was arrested by the FBI on 1 April 2016.', 'Says "Michael Jordan resigns from the board at Nike-takes ‘Air Jordans’ with him."', 'Says Mitt Romney "pays less tax than the guys who installed his car elevators."', 'Make the abolition of our sanctuary city rules an emergency item when our legislature meets this next January.', 'A megalodon capsized a South African charter vessel in April 2013.', 'Cards Against Humanity Has a Secret Card', "Public school students should be allowed to take any Virtual School Network course even if it's offered in person at their school. Also, the state cap of three VSN courses per student should be repealed.", 'Britney Spears Being Urged Back To Rehab?', 'Says Florida Gov. Rick Scott "just signed a bill that could make most of Florida’s beaches private."', 'Pastor Rick Scarborough asserted that breast cancer is caused by women\'s "dirty" thoughts.', 'Travis Scott Getting Pregnancy Advice From Kanye West?', 'Marijuana dealers are using the popular game app Pokémon GO to hook children on drugs.', "VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Report claiming 45% of Filipinos believe Robredo has 'mental problems'", 'Orlando Bloom Warned Robert Pattinson To Stay Away From Katy Perry?', 'Gwyneth Paltrow Threatened By Matthew McConaughey’s Wife’s Lifestyle Site?', 'I will report to the American people every year on the State of our Energy Future.', 'Democrats let him (cop killer Luis Bracamontes) into our country, and "Democrats let him stay."', 'Obamacare is the "biggest tax increase in American history."', 'Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson wants to put 100,000 troops, including 25,000 Americans, "into the area where ISIS is."', '“Today, we have doubled the numbers of expectant mothers delivering under the care of skilled medical attendants to over 1.2 million by the end of 2016.”', 'The United States has approved plans to crossbreed animals and humans.', 'Caitlyn Jenner, Sophia Hutchins Doing Reality Show?', 'The Incredible Story of the Protection of the Bulgarian Jews', 'Beyonce Demanding Silent Delivery Room, ', 'The average age of members of the House of Representatives is 57 years old.', "We've caught Iran cheating on the interim (nuclear) deal.", 'Says Democratic Party created Planned Parenthood', 'Taxpayers Receive IRS Form 990 Security Alert after Hack', 'Says President Obama has "doubled" the deficit.', 'Photographs show 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick shortly after he converted to Islam.', 'U.S. Rep. Jim Marshall (D-Ga.) refuses to return $37,000 in "dirty" campaign contributions from U.S. Rep. Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.)', 'Oil companies are able to sell oil that costs no more to produce today than it did one year ago.', 'The Democrats want to invite caravan after caravan of illegal aliens into our country. And they want to sign them up for free health care, free welfare, free education, and for the right to vote.', 'Says the state budget "doubled property tax credits for seniors and middle class New Jerseyans" and had "no tax increases for any New Jersey family for the second year in a row."', '“[T]he situation is more promising on the jobs front. Two days ago, Stats SA released the employment figures for the last quarter of 2014. The report shows that there are now 15.3-million people who are employed in South Africa. Jobs grew by 203,000.”', 'Says 50 million people would lose their health insurance if Obamacare is repealed.', 'General John J. Pershing Dipped Bullets in Pig’s Blood', '2002 Gujarat Riots Image Used For 2017 ‘Save Bengal’ Protest', 'The "error rates" for the Fulton County elections department are "well below the average."', 'Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor have agreed to fight a rematch, to be fought under modified mixed martial arts rules.', 'Members of Obama Administration are Related to People in the Mainstream Media', 'Says "we got a chance to pass what I think is Oregon\'s first human trafficking bill which has increased by 66 percent the calls to the human trafficking hotline."', 'Our companies are moving into Mexico more than almost any other place right now.', 'The debt-ceiling bill "doesn’t cut the debt. It will add about $7 trillion in new debt over the next 10 years."', 'Sen. Joe Manchin "stands with Hillary Clinton and D.C. Dems on gun control, higher taxes, amnesty, and Planned Parenthood."', 'A sign posted on a public beach by the city of Melbourne, Australia tells visitors to refrain from consuming of pork and alcohol and to be respectful during Islamic prayer times.', "Roy Moore Authored a Textbook Which Argued That Women Shouldn't Hold Political Office?", 'Comedian Red Skelton Explains the Pledge of Allegiance', 'Over 81 percent of the babies that are born at LBJ Hospital right here in Houston are born of women who are not here legally.', 'Last year, out of the 500,000 (in) population growth we had in the state of Texas, about 250,000 of the 500,000 came to Texas... from the other 49 states.', 'Says Sen. Tim Kaine "approves of and even applauds his son\'s participation in a known terrorist organization, #Antifa."', 'You know how many children in the history of the United States have died in a fire (at school)? Zero.', 'Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher Fighting Over Third Child?', 'In July 2018, a Disney spokesperson indicated that the company was planning to open a theme park in Escanaba, Michigan.', 'The state government workforce grew when Tim Kaine was governor.', 'Tree in cemetery looks like popular images of Jesus', 'Under Armour garments are more flammable than other garments of their type.', 'Marriage "decreases the probability of child poverty by 82 percent."', 'Ann Coulter Arrested For Using Women’s Bathroom', 'Pay "competitive market-based salaries for corrections staff."', 'Four members of the Rhode Island General Assembly "went to vote in 2010 and were told they had already voted."', 'Cher Doesn’t Like Broadway Musical About Her Life?', 'A group of Muslims tore down a Christmas tree in Italy.', 'Congresswoman Maxine Waters tweeted that there was no reason for anyone to own a gun because she has an armed security detail.', 'Willie Nelson Falls Ill, Son Eddie Nelson Requests Prayers', 'Kim Kardashian Helping North West Become A “Brand”?', 'Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Fighting After Kris Jenner Suggested Selling Baby Chicago Pictures?', "A number of the national publications have put this race in a tossup race between Democrats and Republicans. They don't know who's going to win this race.", 'Megyn Kelly “Hiding” A “$1.4 Million Plastic Surgery Transformation,” ', "An image shows two Disney animated characters sharing the studio's first same-sex kiss.", 'Photographs show giant mutant spiders produced by government DNA experiments in Missouri.', '“Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer” Was Written To Comfort a Grieving Daughter', 'A photograph shows a baby great white shark.', 'Q: Name three policies pushed by Mayor Bill Foster during his administration that you support and would advocate continuing. Name three others that you would want to change. A: "I will utilize red light cameras at the most dangerous intersections for the purposes of public safety, not revenue."', 'Says "a pack-a-day smoker who quits because of the tax increase will save about $1,650 a year."', 'The last time Republicans controlled the presidency and Congress was in 1928, and the U.S. sunk into the Great Depression within a year.', 'Reese Witherspoon, Laura Dern Feuding, ', 'Report of meeting with the President from author Max Lucado', 'Joe Kennedy’s Home Surrounded by a Wall, Proving His Hypocrisy', 'Hippopotamuses are the only animals that produce naturally pink milk.', 'Catherine Zeta-Jones, Michael Douglas Marriage In Trouble Over Michelle Pfeiffer?', 'Statement: “I am the only council member with a direct city e-mail and telephone,” Carlsbad City Councilman Keith Blackburn wrote in candidate statements in support of his bid for mayor.', 'Barack Obama Co-Sponsored a “Stand Your Ground” bill as a Senator in Illinois', 'Angelina Jolie Does Have “New Man,” ', 'Texas is home to more feral pigs than any other state — an estimated 50 percent to 75 percent of all feral swine in the nation.', 'Says on contraception, his plan is "cheaper and easier for you" than Sen. Mark Udall’s', 'Most refugees are young adult males.', 'Says state Supreme Court candidate Joe Donald twice "supported" incumbent Justice Rebecca Bradley.', "Tonight... there are 30,000 women — that's more women than all of the soldiers in the regular Australian Army — who are sleeping rough on the streets of Australia. There are another 100,000 men who are sleeping rough, Australian of the Year David Morrison said on the ABC TV's Q&A on February 1.", 'You can tell which day a loaf of bread was baked by the color of its plastic twist tag.', 'Kohl’s Department Stores in 2012 "announced the creation of 3,000 new jobs."', 'As a result of Roe vs. Wade, "America’s maternal mortality rate dropped dramatically."', '#DontJudgeChallenge Goes Wrong, Teen’s Face Stained Black', 'Jennifer Garner Leaning On Brad Pitt Amid Ben Affleck’s Struggle With Sobriety?', 'Mark Cuban said that Millennials will probably vote for a Democrat in 2016, "because they fact-check everything."', 'Mila Kunis Quitting Hollywood To Have Third Baby With Ashton Kutcher?', 'Justin Bieber, Hailey Baldwin Breaking Up?', 'In just 17 years, spending for Social Security, federal health care and interest on the debt will exceed ALL tax revenue!', 'Justin Bieber Following “Love Bible” With 10 Commandments For Dating Selena Gomez?', 'Did Vijay Mallya Donate Rs 35 Crore To BJP Before Leaving India?', 'Joe Sestak ... even wants to bring back the death tax, letting the IRS take half of your savings when you die.', "Ronald Reagan said he felt like he was shaking the President's hand when he met Donald Trump.", 'Say Apple’s Tim Cook "will not do business with Indiana."', 'Obama "will also provide tax incentives to make it easier for new farmers to afford their first farm. Obama will increase incentives for farmers and private landowners to conduct sustainable agriculture and protect wetlands, grasslands and forests."', 'Incredibly, some Tallahassee politicians want to make Florida a sanctuary state.', 'The Future of Plaza de Panama: Fact Check TV', 'Suave brand shampoos and conditioners contains thioglycolic acid and cause hair loss.', 'A deceptive photograph shows a man perilously hanging by his feet from the edge of a high cliff.', 'Ariana Grande Pregnant With Pete Davidson’s Baby, ', 'A video shows a man surviving a tumble down a long flight of stairs, only to be hit by a car in the street.', 'Many uninsured Americans are "young."', 'Hillary Clinton Met with Manchester Bomber’s Father', 'When Congressman Langevin took office, gas was around $1.70 per gallon, and now it is near $4 per gallon.', 'Kentucky has passed a bill banning interracial marriages.', 'Ongoing tetanus vaccine campaigns in Kenya are a ruse to sterilize women of childbearing age.', "Implement a Memorandum of Understanding that provides $30 billion in assistance to Israel over the next decade -- investments to Israel's security that will not be tied to any other nation.", 'A small business in Canada is offering jobs and free land to Americans looking to relocate in the event of a Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton presidency.', "Q: What do these ‘Patriotic' Americans have in common? A: They are all Draft Dodgers.", 'The elimination of income and sales taxes in New York is equal to 9 percent of taxable income, meaning that if you make $100,000 a year you lose $9,000', "'Buddha' Shaped Pears", 'Will create "a fair and meaningful teacher/administrator evaluation tool linked to student performance and growth."', 'Did Major News Networks Ignore a Story About Korean War Remains Coming Home?', 'Michelle Obama Caught Texting During the Pledge of Allegiance', 'China, my understanding is, supplies 4 percent of the steel in the U.S.', 'Here, we have Thanksgiving, we have Christmas, we have the 4th of July. Every year in Iran, they celebrate Death to America day.', "When he was asked a few years ago whether he could see himself lifting the cap on the payroll tax, (McCain) said, 'I could.' But today he's attacking me for holding the very same position.", "It has been 80 years since a Supreme Court vacancy was nominated and confirmed in an election year. There is a long tradition that you don't do this in an election year.", 'Mennonite Biker Gangs Clash with Hells Angels at Sturgis?', 'On the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP)', 'Prince Harry Invited Ex Cressida Bonas To Meghan Markle Wedding?', "If you're a Mexican, you get sent back. ... But if you're from a noncontiguous country like the Central American countries then you can stay in the United States.", 'Middle Eastern men purchased dozens of burner cell phones at Walmarts in and around Lebanon, Missouri (ostensibly to carry out terror attacks); at the same time, multiple stores reported propane tank thefts.', 'Harriet Tubman on $20 Bill Drives KKK Members to Suicide', 'A student mistook examples of unsolved statistics problems for a homework assignment and solved them.', 'For now, we are still below average in the metro region.', "We're now the No. 1 producer of oil in the world. We've surpassed Saudi Arabia.", 'Flip Flops From China Skin Reaction Warning - Hawaiian Sandals Rash Images', 'Canine Carry Outs dog treats contain anti-freeze and are dangerous to dogs.', 'Help Find Branson Perry of Skidmore, Missouri', 'Former senator Alan Simpson hypocritically referred to modern Americans as "the greediest generation."', 'The financial penalties imposed on gay couples "can cost us more than $300,000 compared with married heterosexual couples over a lifetime."', 'Cosmetic companies Avon, Mary Kay and Estée Lauder have resumed testing their products on animals after previously abandoning the practice.', "Social Media Messages Misinterpret Red Bull 'Gives You Wings' Class Action", 'Statement: City law already requires a two-thirds vote by the City Council to approve negotiated pay increases, opponents of Proposition B wrote in their ballot argument.', 'A 5 percent increase in domestic production would increase the world supply by less than 1 percent and do almost nothing to our dependence on foreign oil. This would also have virtually no effect on the price of gas at the pump.', 'We are seeing dramatic rate cuts to Medicare that will affect seniors’ ability to keep their doctor, hospital and prevention services.', 'Children who watch at least 30 minutes of “Peppa Pig” per day have a 56 percent higher probability of developing autism.', 'The claim: Australian Human Rights Commission president Gillian Triggs says in the first months of the Coalition Government the time children spent in immigration detention "was reaching quite exceptional levels".', 'The Medford Water Commission was fined $279,000 for dumping plain drinking water into a stream.', 'Did the FDA Find Thousands of Coors Light Beers Laced with Cocaine?', 'Officials in the village of Deerfield, Illinois passed an ordinance banning assault weapons.', 'Our debt to GDP ratios, our deficit to GDP ratios are quickly approaching the countries we have been reading about for the last year and a half. We are not far behind Ireland, Greece, Portugal and Spain and all these countries we have been reading about.', "San Juan Teamsters didn't show up for work to distribute relief supplies because they went on strike.", 'The claim: NSW Opposition Leader Luke Foley says the Coalition Government has cut $3 billion from health.', 'Georgia has some of the highest gas taxes in the Southeast but one of the lowest taxes on gasoline for transportation in the nation.', 'Mike Conalley - M.O.B Screen Name Warning', 'Julius Malema, leader of the Economic Freedom Fighters: “In 1995, unemployment was 15% and now, at this moment, it is at 25% or 36%, with an expanded definition. Seventy percent of this demographic are the youth.”', 'The health care law "adds around $800 billion of taxes on the American people. It does not discriminate between rich and poor."', 'Says with "Gov. Chris Christie and bipartisan reformers" New Jersey had "the most job growth in 11 years."', 'In an Aug. 11 speech during an open house at the Southern Philippines Medical Center Children’s Cancer Institute in Davao City, Duterte said:', 'FBI director Jim Comey placed a "Trump/Pence 2016" sign in front of his home.', 'Fact Check TV: Cops and Libraries', 'There is nothing in the current state public records law that prohibits sensitive or confidential business information from being just that, confidential.', 'More than 1,000 people ... move to Texas every day.', "You're a Racist, Charlie Brown?", 'Caitlyn Jenner Joining ‘Dancing With The Stars,’ ', "One in 19 Americans today get SSDI or SSI. That's one in 19 Americans (who) are disabled.", 'Mark Harris has said he would cut Social Security and Medicare.', 'In the year 2018, all twelve days on which the month and day share common ordinal values falls on a Sunday.', 'Statement: The San Diego County Grand Jury “does the normal duties of recommending indictments as well as reporting on local governments and special districts,” Bloomberg News columnist Joe Mysak wrote June 15.', 'Charlie Crist was the only prominent Republican in the country to campaign with Barack Obama before the stimulus passed, on behalf of the stimulus.', 'The federal government only ordered BP to pay "to do one of those six segments" of sand barriers for Louisiana.', 'Michele Bachmann said that solar power drains the sun of heat.', 'Says Ted Cruz "has pledged to eliminate" the U.S. Department of Education, which would end federal aid to college students.', 'Jennifer Aniston, Justin Theroux In Prenup “Battle”?', 'It is essential that the current efforts to establish a regional crime lab be brought to a successful conclusion.', 'Cayetano made the claim March 14 in a GMA News interview when asked how he would reconcile Duterte’s refusal to apologize for his use of vulgar language:', 'A so-called "Church of Lucifer" has opened in Colombia.', 'New U.S. Army medics will be treating battlefield injuries with "alternative medicine" such as homeopathic dilutions and prayer beads.', 'The United States stopped plans to build a missile defense shield in Eastern Europe "as a gift to Russia."', 'Caitlyn Jenner Marrying Sophia Hutchins, ', 'Fact Check: Was the Winter Session of Parliament postponed during UPA rule?', 'Angelina Jolie Calling Off Brad Pitt Divorce Amid Custody Battle, ', "If you're over 65 years old in America today, you have no choice but to be in Medicare. Even if you want out of Medicare, you have to forfeit your Social Security to get out of it.", '75 percent of the Obamacare tax falls on the middle class.', 'The U.S. economy is "recovering slower than Europe "', 'Says Gov. Scott Walker "made more than $70 million in cuts to job training programs through (Wisconsin’s) technical colleges."', 'FactCheck Alert: From Banks’ 5-Day Week To Just Rs 61,000 FDI In Defence', 'At Bain Capital, "we helped start an early childhood learning company called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised."', 'Florida’s regulations on the payday lending industry are "stronger than almost any other state."', 'Kim Kardashian Pushing Kylie Jenner To Announce Pregnancy, ', 'A photograph shows a horse with markings on its coat depicting an image of a wolf.', 'Did the NFL Admit to Rigging Games?', 'Statement:\xa0“The county of San Diego is holding over $100 million in unspent Mental Health Services Act funds,” state Sen. Ben Hueso said at an Oct. 12 press conference where Democrats and labor leaders called on county supervisors to spend more to combat the region’s homelessness and hepatitis A crises.', "The estate tax, which came into being by Republicans like Teddy Roosevelt and others ... is there for a real simple reason: In America, we've never liked the idea of massive inherited wealth.", 'FACT CHECK: Are 1,500 To 1,700 Illegal Immigrants Stopped At The Border Every Day?', 'Says former NRA president Jim Porter said, "It’s only a matter of time before we can own colored people again."', "If Governor Cooper's proposed bill for repealing HB2 becomes law, it will create a state-sanctioned 'Look But Don't Touch' policy in our bathrooms.", 'Says Republican legislators in North Carolina raised the average teacher\'s pay "by more than 15 percent in just three years."', 'A Colgate toothpaste is subject to "recall."', 'Cicret Bracelet Turns Skin into Touchscreen', 'Asia ... has less freshwater per capita than any other continent, except Antarctica.', 'Says Oregon ranks 30th in the nation with regard to its incarceration rate.', 'A few months ago, it hit where West Virginia is, on a per capita basis, one of the most successful (gross domestic product) states in our union.', "Underpinning the Coalition's re-election pitch is its assertion that it is the party best equipped to manage the budget by keeping a lid on spending.", 'Says recent polls show Americans agree with Republicans that the federal debt ceiling should not be raised and the debt and deficit should be dealt with mostly by cutting spending.', "We've won twice as many states. We've won a greater share of the popular vote.", 'Donald Trump announced that his "first order" as President would be to make flag burning a treasonous act.', 'His true name is Barak Hussein Muhammed Obama.', 'NBC Refusing to Promote Jamie Foxx Special?', 'And while (Ted) Strickland proposed cuts for services for children, he wasted over $250,000 remodeling his bathrooms at the governor’s mansion.', 'The Democratic health care plan is a "government takeover of our health programs."', 'President Donald Trump said that Canadians "smuggle" shoes out of the United States after altering them to make them "look old."', 'Georgia residents file the most insurance claims for lightning strikes in the country.', 'Ex-health chief Garin DID turn against Aquino', 'A man named Shawn Kilums was arrested in Florida for tranquilizing and raping alligators.', 'Says Ron Saunders "made the choice to stand with Rick Scott" on expanding school vouchers, restricting scholarships and giving tax breaks to the wealthy.', "Says there's $4 billion in private investment along the streetcar.", 'The President will offer states committed to reform relief from the worst mandates of No Child Left Behind like incentives to teach to the test so they can craft local solutions.', 'Said he\'s the only Republican candidate "who\'s actually turned around a government economy."', 'Miley Cyrus, Liam Hemsworth Did Get Married On Tybee Island, ', 'A new U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services task force is charged with identifying naturalized citizens who cheated on their applications and seeking the revocation of their citizenship, a process known as "denaturalization."', 'Mexican Drug Money Photos', 'Internet Explorer Bug Opens Computers to Hackers', 'Hostage Kayla Mueller’s Death “Deserves No Tears” Because She Supported Terrorism', 'There were more people on welfare than working in 2013.', 'Illegal immigration "wasn’t a subject that was on anybody’s mind until I brought it up at my announcement."', 'Mass Re-enlistment on July 4th', 'Lisa, the rejected young woman who killed herself', 'Cards for Recovering Soldiers', 'The bill reported out of committee sets up a $50 billion slush fund that, while intended for resolving failing firms, is available for virtually any purpose that the treasury secretary sees fit.', "Says his executive order requiring young girls to be vaccinated against HPV wasn't mandatory.", 'These 60 acres (the Atlanta Braves want to build a stadium on) have produced zero SPLOST money for parks and recreation, have produced zero money for education.', 'Antonio Villaraigosa\'s "recklessness (as mayor of Los Angeles) ... left no funding to test 7,000 rape kits, putting public safety at risk."', 'A poster reading "Superman is coming in Supergirl" was an official promotion by the CW network.', 'The colored squares on toothpaste tubes identify the composition of the toothpaste enclosed therein.', 'The policy of the Bush administration was also not to add new nuclear capabilities.', "But if my opponent had his way, the millions of Floridians who rely on it would've had their Social Security tied up in the stock market this week.", 'A Campaign Ad Says Joe Manchin Opposed Border Wall Funding - Did He?', 'Says Michelle Nunn has acknowledged allowing a convicted felon to hold a fundraiser for her.', 'Will strengthen privacy protections for the digital age and will harness the power of technology to hold government and business accountable for violations of personal privacy.', 'First Lady Melania Trump banned the White House staff from receiving flu shots.', 'There’s a tremendous other number of public officials who have done the same thing as Hillary Clinton with a private email server.', 'Angelina Jolie Dating Cambodian Rapper PraCh Ly, ', 'Actress Martha Raye entertained troops and tended to wounded soldiers in the field in Vietnam.', 'The Cat That Dropped Out of Heaven', "VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Actor Bill Pullman laughed at Robredo for 'copying' line from his movie", 'This Congress made history as the least productive, most unpopular Congress in the history of this proud nation.', 'South African Giant Rats Risk Alert', 'South Africa has one of the highest unemployment rates in the world.', 'Says pension contributions under Gov. Chris Christie would represent "75 percent of the total contribution made between the years 1995 and 2010. That\'s right, in 15 years, total state contribution was only $2.1 billion."', 'Camel Spiders in Iraq', 'Statement: “I heard $27 million for managed competition. That’s not achievable by July 1, 2011. That would assume that we managed competition out everything in the city that’s possible.” City Councilman Todd Gloria said at the voiceofsandiego.org Proposition D debate on Sept. 30.', 'Says that under City Council Member Randi Shade, Austin had the "highest city debt per person in Texas."', 'Says Travis County Commissioner Gerald Daugherty "claims to have taken a pay cut, but for 2016, he voted to raise his salary by 19.6 percent."', 'President Obama, Elizabeth Warren and other top Democratic officials have distanced themselves from Hillary Clinton by unfollowing her on social media.', 'Terry McAuliffe "wants to raise your taxes $1,700 to pay for his infinite promises."', 'Wendy’s Uses Horse Meat in Chili and Burgers', '“In 2009 the number of contact crimes was 1,407 per 100,000 people. In 2012 the number of contact crimes was 1,233 per 100,000 people.”', 'The Council for American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) wants to cancel Memorial Day and replace it with a holiday honoring "Muslim terrorists."', 'I said no to higher taxes and fees.', 'A child who wore a Stearns Puddle Jumper life jacket while swimming experienced difficulty breathing and "severe bruising on her rib."', '“A German’s View on Islam” by Dr. Emanuel Tanay', 'Taylor Swift Pushing Joe Alwyn To Go Public With Relationship?', 'Obama’s flush with cash, returning to Wall Street for even more money. … Wall Street sure supports President Obama.', 'Says Ron Johnson referred to "The Lego Movie" as an "insidious anti-business conspiracy."', 'An open microphone caught President Obama muttering caustic comments about the 4th of July holiday.', 'Melania Trump Wore Heels to Visit Texas After a Hurricane?', 'Canada has legalized oral sex with non-human animals.', 'Taylor Swift, Joe Alwyn “Headed For Split” Over ‘Cats’ Movie, ', 'Prince George Stole And Wore Prince William’s Pants?', 'I stopped requesting earmarks in 2008.', 'Charlize Theron Invited To Prince Harry, Meghan Markle Wedding?', "Was the 'Black Soldier' Killed in Niger a Deserter?", 'Says there is a "new law now charging all protesters with terrorism."', 'We were the last flag flying in Benghazi.', 'Photograph shows a rhino that was given a pink horn to prevent poaching.', 'Says Ohio congressional candidate Danny O’Connor "would make Columbus a sanctuary city for illegal immigrants."', "Ted Cruz said he'd run as a Democrat against Donald Trump if Hillary Clinton had to drop out of the 2016 presidential race.", 'Says Wisconsin Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen "knew about (the Ken Kratz sexting) case for nearly a year and did nothing about it."', 'As of May 2018, there were more than 10,000 unaccompanied children in United States government immigration detention centers.', 'Activities by foreign governments had "absolutely no effect on the outcome of this election."', 'The president in no way, form or fashion has ever promoted or encouraged violence.', 'China holds 26 percent of the U.S. debt.', 'Chris Christie "has not increased the taxes on anyone."', 'United States health care facilities face an intravenous bag shortage because of the devastation wreaked by Hurricane Maria in September 2017.', 'In January, I outlined a plan to help revive our faltering economy, which formed the basis for a bipartisan stimulus package that passed the Congress.', "London's new mayor Sadiq Khan threatened Donald Trump with terror attacks if the candidate's proposed anti-Islam proposals were implemented.", 'We invested in our transportation system "$24 billion over eight years. That’s $3 billion more than what former Governor Jim Doyle spent on transportation over the same period of time."', 'Historian wrote an article comparing our economic times to the Great Depression and Obama to Hitler', "Says Detroit-area law enforcement is searching for a 'vigilante' serial killer after three pedophiles were killed in one week", 'Says Hillary Clinton is proposing "destroying Medicare for seniors."', 'Kate Middleton Pregnant With Fourth Baby, ', '“Since 2011, the City of Cape Town has created more than 140,000 temporary work opportunities for unemployed South Africans through [the Expanded Public Works Programme].”', 'John McCain No Longer a Senator?', 'VERA FILES YEARENDER: DIGONGsyonaryo', 'One of the things I would immediately do … is bring back the warrior class -- Petraeus, McChrystal, Mattis, Keane, Flynn. ... Every one was retired early because they told President Obama things that he didn’t want to hear.', 'Obama says his health care plan is "universal."', 'Most Favored Nations', 'JFK donated his entire presidential salary to charity.', 'A VA hospital removed military flags in order to fly a LGBTQ pride flag.', 'Launching literacy achievement academies would renew, and build on, a program initiated in the 1990s at the urging of then-Gov. George W. Bush.', 'Says Hillary Clinton "negotiated the first agreement — ever — where China and India officially committed to reduce their emissions."', 'A fund already created by lawmakers would need about $363 million to cover tuition costs currently absorbed by institutions of higher education.', 'Daniel Webster "is an advocate for a group that teaches that mothers should not work outside the home."', 'Katie Holmes, Jamie Foxx Expecting A Baby, ', 'Counter-demonstrators in Charlottesville did not have the appropriate permits to protest a white supremacist rally.', "Since the passage of Obama's stimulus package, over 1 million additional jobs were lost and nearly 25 million Americans are out of work, are stuck in part-time work, or have given up looking.", "A meme presents accurately describes Japan's healthcare and health insurance system.", 'Virginia Democrats recently enforced voter ID rules that were "considerably more stringent than those contained in the state law they denounce."', 'Get Free Six Flag Tickets', 'Car-Jacking Scheme Warning - Paper on Rear Window', 'By 12th grade, "more than 3 out of 10 girls have been pregnant at least once."', 'Says he faced "a record budget deficit" in Virginia in 2014.', "The people that went to school with (Barack Obama), they never saw him, they don't know who he is.", 'Oxford professor of Islamic studies Tariq Ramadan said "we are here to colonize the U.S. and Canada" with Sharia law.', 'Pave "the way for ongoing job growth by purging unnecessary laws and regulations that stifle Texas entrepreneurs."', 'Help Find Kathlee Hennigan', 'George, Amal Clooney Renewing Vows?', 'Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt “Consciously Re-Coupling”?', 'Says Ted Cruz’s wife Heidi "will be the very first pro-life first lady."', "I made my decision on Kavanaugh before the allegations surfaced, and it was all about Kavanaugh's alliance and allegiance to dark money and unlimited political contributions.", 'In Florida, when Jeb Bush was governor, state authorities conducted a deeply flawed purge of voters before the presidential election in 2000 and "in 2004 a plan to purge even more voters was headed off."', 'I have cut taxes 63 times, including a 2006 property tax reduction that ranks as the largest in state history.', 'Taylor Swift “Copying” Kim Kardashian’s Style, ', 'Says Indonesia\'s release of boat talk details are an "unprecedented step by an Indonesian foreign minister".', "A study discovered men's beards are alarmingly riddled with fecal microbes.", 'California is registering non-citizens to vote', 'After every major conflict ... what happened was that we ultimately hollowed out the force, largely by doing deep, across-the-board cuts.', 'Will provide "temporary business tax incentives through 2009. The February 2008 stimulus bill increased maximum Section 179 expenses to $250,000 but this expires in December 2008. This provision will encourage all firms to pursue investment in the coming months, but will particularly benefit small firms which generally have smaller amounts of annual property purchases and so choose to expense the cost of their acquired property."', 'A school principal in Richmond expelled two children for wearing crucifixes to school.', "'Pope Comes Out as Gay'", 'Sarah Palin’s Prayer Request', 'Under a proposed medical marijuana amendment in Florida, "you don\'t get refills -- you get it forever."', 'Norway announced that it was changing its name to "shithole."', 'California has seen a "56 percent decline in the gun murder rate" since the 1990s.', 'An image shows a young woman who was beaten up by anti-Trump demonstrators at a rally in San Jose.', '“The President Without a Country” an Opinion by Pat Boone', "A child born in America today will inherit $1.5 million in debt the moment they're placed in their mother's arms.", 'Prayer rugs have recently been found on the Texas side of the border in the brush.', 'Did the SNP government end hospital parking charges?', 'The claim: Federal Industry Minister Ian Macfarlane\xa0says gas supply problems are looming in NSW because there has been insufficient progress in developing its coal seam gas industry.', 'A DeKalb sewer project "will create up to 4,000 direct jobs per year at peak production, many of which will be set aside exclusively for DeKalb residents."', 'Photograph depicts a Bernie Sanders rally in California attended by more than 27,000 people that was ignored by the news media.', 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Online post comparing Aquino and Duterte relief operations', 'Michigan and Massachusetts raised their bottle deposit and "could no longer afford the program because the redemptions were so high there was no profit in there."', 'In his campaign launch speech on August 25, 2013, Tony Abbott promised a Coalition government would give $200 million to dementia research.', 'A Royal Caribbean vessel fired upon and sank a Carnival Cruise liner in "disputed waters" on the high seas.', "'Hanging Naked Man' Orchid Flower Images", "The NYPD raided Clinton's property as part of the Anthony Weiner investigation.", 'On using the Common Core standards for English and math instruction', 'General Vo Nguyen Giap: Vietnam War Lost at Home', 'Says the Army is spending $7 million to sponsor a NASCAR team.', 'Says "Mike Madigan and Kwame Raoul team up to raise property taxes."', 'Georgia’s share of money from the Federal Highway Trust Fund declined 12 percent between 2008 and 2013.', 'For African-Americans between the ages of 17 and 20, "the real unemployment rate … is 51 percent."', 'Says Rick Perry\'s "Pay to Play" politics led him to send $899 million to an offshore call center in Bermuda, driving down enrollment in children\'s health insurance', 'No one in the private sector gets unlimited accruals of vacation and sick leave.', 'Heroin and prescription opioids are "the number one cause of accidental or preventable death in Wisconsin."', 'Says Gov. Chris Christie has embarked on a tour to "demand that New Jersey’s Democratic legislature approve an immediate tax cut that would disproportionately benefit the wealthiest."', 'Ben Affleck Trying To Win Jennifer Lopez Back From Alex Rodriguez, ', 'Obamacare is . . . the largest tax increase in the history of the world.', 'Fully inflating tires is "a step that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by 3 to 4 percent."', 'Kris Jenner Begging Kourtney Kardashian Take Over Family Empire After Kim, Khloe Scandal', 'Says Donald Trump\'s position is "to roll back all" of the financial regulations passed after the financial crisis.', 'Kate Hudson Secretly Married To Danny Fujikawa?', 'The president of Knox Machinery wrote a letter to the president of General Motors, criticizing the latter for seeking a government bailout.', 'Says Fran DeWine’s made-from-scratch dinner rolls are a delicious favorite in a traditional Thanksgiving dinner.', 'Edward C. Smith: In Defense of Robert E. Lee Commentary', 'Jackie Evancho’s album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her inauguration performance.', 'With the resources it takes to execute just over three months of the Iraq war, we could fully fund the expansion of health care for needy children that Bush vetoed.', 'As governor, Maggie Hassan first proposed a $1 billion spending increase.', 'FACT CHECK: Did Germany Vote Hitler Into Power?', "We will leverage private sector funding to bring these cars directly to American consumers. We'll give consumers a $7,000 tax credit to buy these vehicles.", 'For thousands of public employees, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker’s budget-repair bill would "take away any say they have in the workplace, and eliminate their union."', 'Dogs and wolves are genetically 99.9% identical.', 'Tristan Thompson Giving Khloe Kardashian “List Of Demands”?', 'Monsanto Creates Genetically Modified Strain of Marijuana', 'By 2015, we will be sending so much interest to China that "we will be paying for the entire People\'s Liberation Army."', 'The founders advised non-interventionism.', 'Tom Reed "has actually voted for every single trade deal that has ever come before him in any form."', 'The oceans "have become 30 percent more acidic."', 'Strengthen Small Business Administration programs that provide capital to minority-owned businesses, support outreach programs that help minority business owners apply for loans, and work to encourage the growth and capacity of minority firms.', '“Under the stewardship of President Zuma, South Africa has one of the largest renewable energy programmes ranked among the top 10 in the world.”', 'Caitlyn Jenner Giving Kylie Jenner “$50K Push Present” To Get Plastic Surger', 'Compact Fluorescent Light Bulb Mercury Warning', 'Eighty percent of the American people support an approach (to federal budget problems) that includes revenues and includes cuts.', 'Under Obamacare, people who "have a doctor they’ve been seeing for the last 15 or 20 years, they won’t be able to keep going to that doctor."', 'Photo ID is not required for those who vote by mail.', 'Ex-UN Official John Ashe died suspiciously the day before he was scheduled to testify against Hillary Clinton.', 'A "catch and release" immigration policy "is a Democrat rule, Sherrod Brown, this is a Democrat rule."', 'Mass voter fraud just discovered, to the amount that could void Hillary’s victory In New Hampshire.', 'Says "nearly half of Oregon\'s children are poor."', 'A photograph shows an "inflatable dam" holding back the flood waters surrounding a Texas home.', "President Donald Trump's website contains a release about a plan to 'fuck the poor.'", 'Among the nation’s 51 largest metropolitan areas, Milwaukee is the "only one" where the poverty rate is more than "four times greater in the city than it is in the suburbs."', 'Joyce Meyer died "shortly after taking ill" in October 2016.', 'Kardashians Cutting Off Contact With Khloe Kardashian Over Tristan Thompson?', 'The Georgia Regional Transportation Authority "concluded that light rail in Cobb County would more than double commute time and would therefore be unsuccessful in alleviating traffic congestion."', 'The Democrat-led Senate has failed to pass a budget for 750 days ... Senate Democrats have neglected one of their most basic responsibilities.', 'Says Rep. Tom Reed, R-N.Y., "voted to raise the Social Security retirement age on us."', '4 million houses built by government since 1994', "A viral video shows George Lopez urinating on President Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in July 2018.", 'Jennifer Aniston, Reese Witherspoon Fighting Over Equal Pay For Apple TV Series?', 'Pictures from raid of drug dealer’s house in Mexico', 'Then-Gov. Carl Sanders put 56 percent of the state budget into education, a figure that has not been achieved since.', 'The cost-of-living increase in Social Security is tied to wage inflation.', 'Julia Roberts, Sandra Bullock Making Movie Together?', 'John McCain solicited campaign contributions from Russia.', 'I am "the first Latina to run for governor of Texas."', 'Jennifer Aniston Did Dump Justin Theroux For Brad Pitt, ', 'Kris Jenner “Pregnant At Age 62,” ', 'Kim Kardashian Did Fire “Hot Staffer” To “Save Marriage,” ', 'Statement: “There’s just a few hundred pairs left in the world, believe it or not,” Rob Hutsel, executive director of the San Diego River Park Foundation, said during a KPBS story about California least terns that ran July 19.', 'The states have always defined marriage.', 'Video Shows What Happens When Lightning Strikes a River', 'Ben Carson on Muslims Email: Can a Muslim Be a Good American', 'President Obama achieved the lowest IQ score among all U.S. presidents of the last 100 years.', 'Obama\'s "first call (as president) to any head of state was to Mahmoud Abbas, leader of Fatah party in the Palestinian territory."', 'While in college, Attorney General Jeff Sessions was in a rock band whose lyrics and album titles championed the use of marijuana.', 'Kim Kardashian “Reached Her Limit” With Kanye West?', 'Providence\'s port is "200 miles closer to Europe than any other Eastern port."', 'A highway sign in Maryland told drivers to "Consider Canada" due to inauguration traffic.', 'A December 2015 school shooting in Arapahoe County, Colorado, was circumvented by an armed school resource officer.', 'Together we added more jobs than any other area while I was Dane County executive.', 'Charles Manson Found Dead at 80', 'Video of Hypnotized Bunny Taking a Shower', 'Will "pass meaningful tort reform to lower healthcare costs and allow doctors to stop practicing defensive medicine."', 'The government of Thailand issued a warning about canned food contaminated with HIV.', 'Statement: “The existing blue line today is probably one of the best light rail lines in the entire country,” said Gary Gallegos, executive director of SANDAG, in a July 17 interview with Voice of San Diego.', 'Antifa Manual Found at The Evergreen State College Campus', 'A high school boy was shot by a police officer who mistook his saxophone for a gun.', "Saturday's shootings reflect a disturbing trend. Mass shootings have become commonplace since the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007. There have been dozens of incidents where three or more people have been fatally wounded. Hundreds have died.", 'Says the CBO estimates that fully extending the Bush tax cuts would add 600,000-1.4 million jobs in 2011 and 900,000-2.7 million jobs in 2012.', 'Michael Savage Sabotaged for Covering Hillary Clinton’s Health', 'Alex Rodriguez Wants Jennifer Lopez To Hang Out Less With Leah Remini?', 'Allen West called Social Security a "Ponzi scheme" and said "this country\'s got to get on sound footing by destroying it."', ' “When other ministers were found to have broken the rules, they had to pay the money back.”', 'Younes Bendjima Moving In With Kourtney Kardashian?', 'A Florida gun owner voluntarily gave up his AR-57 rifle to law enforcement after the Parkland school shooting.', 'Women pay 48 percent more for health insurance.', 'Charges on the Republican Party of Florida credit card were made with "my money."', 'Says there have been "well over" 54 million abortions since 1973.', 'Today in America, 70 percent of us are earning the same or less than we were 12 years ago, and this is the first time that that has happened this side of World War II.', 'Focus on Chain Letters', 'The life and experiences of Cindy McCain', 'Says the government has "gotten the TARP money back plus a profit."', 'Angelina Jolie Did Reveal “Why I Really Left” Brad Pitt, ', 'Antifa Member Stabs Man for Having Neo-Nazi Haircut', "The claim: Tim Costello says the Coalition's proposed $4.5 billion cuts to foreign aid will result in the loss of 450,000 lives.", 'The Marriott Hotel chain is classifying portions of Jerusalem as “Occupied Palestinian Area”', 'The household plant Dieffenbachia, one of the most common indoor plants, is so poisonous it can kill a child in one minute and an adult in 15 minutes.', 'Not one illness has been reported from raw milk in Texas "in more than four years. A total of six illnesses have occurred in the last 20 years."', 'Says that compared to Rick Baker\'s time as mayor, Kriseman "had wet weather events that he did not experience" that caused sewage spills. Baker "went through significant periods of drought during his time as mayor."', 'The actual (construction) contracts that we’ve awarded to date have come in several hundred million dollars below estimates.', 'The media is covering up that "multiple shooters" were involved in the mass killing at an Orlando nightclub.', 'When we started this health care debate a year ago, 85 percent of the American people had health insurance, and 95 percent of the 85 percent were happy with it.', 'Just two weeks ago, Congressman Hurd quit his post on the House Committee on Small Business saying that he was unable to find the time to serve.', 'An iPhone operating system upgrade in 2018 removed Easter holidays from the iOS calendar application.', 'Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. "spent $1.3 trillion on tax cuts for the wealthy" and "trillions" each on a war and on Medicare drug benefits.', 'Obamacare Article 54 Goes into Effect May 1, Will Divert 30% of Social Security', 'Poor people pay "in some cases, up to 25 percent of (their) income for water."', 'Brad Pitt recently slammed liberals for "taking [his] money" and has endorsed Donald Trump for President.', 'Rev. Al Sharpton Owes Millions in Back Taxes', 'Hillary Clinton admitted her Iraq War vote was elicited in exchange for money provided by the Bush administration to help rebuild New York City after the 9/11 attacks.', 'Jennifer Garner Had Awkward Run-In With Ben Affleck’s Girlfriend In Hawaii?', 'Likens Obama\'s predicament to 1982, saying, "when Reagan just started out, (unemployment was at) exactly the same point. He was two years into his term. The unemployment was well over 10 percent, and it did come out of it."', 'Powerful Houston Democrats Sylvia Garcia (Democrat county commissioner in Harris County) and Elyse Lanie(r) (wife of the former liberal Democrat mayor Bob Lanier) sponsored a Democrat fundraiser for Speaker (Joe) Straus with numerous Democrat officials and high-ranking union officials.', 'Wisconsin’s technical college graduates "have a higher employment rate and starting salaries" than four-year college graduates nationwide.', 'Carl Sagan once speculated about the dangers of a future United States in which “key manufacturing industries have slipped away to other countries”, where people “have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority” and “no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues”.', 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Impostor site posts claims actor The Rock praised Duterte', 'No arrests were made after thousands of young people got into a massive brawl at a Kentucky mall because everyone involved was white.', 'David Perdue "proposes rolling back the clock on women’s health care."', 'Members of Congress "have not reduced their salaries ... since the Great Depression," meaning they\'ve gone "eight decades without a pay cut."', 'Loranne "Ausley\'s a financial train wreck for taxpayers -- pushing gas taxes, property taxes, taxes on seniors."', 'Mutation Response Vehicle vehicles spotted near Longwood, Florida, are related to outbreaks of the Zika virus.', 'Emma Stone Trying To Breakup Ex Andrew Garfield, New Girlfriend Susie Abromeit?', 'Denmark Whaling Shame Protest Email', 'A set of images show Croatian President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović in a bikini.', 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Was the definition of EJKs changed under the Duterte administration?', "Steve Kroft of CBS' 60 Minutes penned an article critical of George Soros.", 'No, These BJP Ministers Were Not Sleeping During The Budget', "Macy's sent a letter to Rick Perry urging him to veto equal pay bill.", "Actress Sandra Bullock: 'Donald Trump Is Doing Everything To Improve Our Nation, If You Don’t Like Him Just…'", 'Says Hillary Clinton took "money from kings of Saudi Arabia and Morocco and Oman and Yemen."', 'Queen Elizabeth contradicted London Mayor Sadiq Khan by "refusing to retract" an invitation to Donald Trump to visit the UK.', 'Padlock on Facebook Home Page Hacker Warning', ' In a speech to union workers this week, House Speaker Paul Thissen said the Legislature is focusing on putting more money in the pockets of Minnesotans. Chief among those priorities are raising the minimum wage and making sure women get better pay. “The argument that the Republicans make that this is going to undermine jobs, that it’s going to tank our economy, simply don’t hold up to the facts,” Thissen said. “We did it in the 90s, and our economy got better, we did it in the mid-2000s and our economy got better.” Thissen went on to point out that woman are particularly affected by changes in the minimum wage. “Sixty percent of the folks on minimum wage or less are women in this state. They make up 50 percent of the workforce, but they are disproportionately working at low-paying jobs.” ', 'Says by rejecting an expansion of Medicaid under the new law, Georgia was depriving 25,000 veterans of health care coverage.', 'Amazon Offers 50% Off Coupon', 'Breaking: Santa Fe killer expresses his love for Obama.', 'Pastor John Hagee said that "God made all lesbians flat" so they can be identified by "normal people".', 'Says Edward Snowden "could have gotten all of the protections of being a whistleblower."', 'Doomsday Asteroid Will Hit Earth in February 2017', 'Says Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mary Burke "has proven on the Madison Board of Education" that she supports raising taxes and spending.', 'I will introduce legislation to reform and redirect the $125 million Loan Guarantee Fund.', 'In Wisconsin, "deaths from domestic violence are at the highest in 10 years."', 'Says Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. has said Black Lives Matter "is a terrorist movement, a hate group and calls it, Black LIES Matter."', 'Angelina Jolie Getting Married To “Husband Number Four,” ', 'Says Barack Obama\'s health care law "will be the biggest job-killer ever."', 'Says McCain "voted to let governments charge rape victims" for forensic exams.', 'Karrueche Tran Was “Terrified” Of Chris Brown Run-In At BET Awards, ', 'Even high estimates for an early draft of the health care plan are "less than the $1.8 trillion cost of the Bush tax cuts."', 'Two senators \\xe2\\x80\\x94 bipartisan \\xe2\\x80\\x94 reached out to the election apparatus in Florida to let them know that the Russians are in the records, and all they have to do, if those election records are not protected, is to go in and start eliminating registered voters.', "FACT CHECK: Could DACA Legislation Lead To 'Chain Migration'?", 'Fake Britains Got Talent Facebook Page', 'The NCAA will "get billions" from the men’s basketball tournament. "Players get a trophy."', 'He will stop the development of new nuclear weapons; work with Russia to take U.S. and Russian ballistic missiles off hair-trigger alert; seek dramatic reductions in U.S. and Russian stockpiles of nuclear weapons and material; and set a goal to expand the U.S.-Russian ban on intermediate-range missiles so that the agreement is global.', 'Video shows a girl pulling puppies from a bucket and throwing them into a river.', 'Trump Executive Order Leads to Capture of ISIS Leader at JFK Airport', 'As mayor, [Allan Fung] raised taxes three times.', 'These latest figures show there is still a considerable problem. It is unacceptable that services at nearly 60 per cent of stations failed to hit the performance target last month.', 'Louisiana is turning down $100 million "that would require us to change our unemployment law, that would have actually raised taxes on Louisiana businesses."', 'Ben Bernanke Told Everyone At a Neighborhood Bar How Screwed The Economy Really Is', 'Kroger Warns of Free Check Scam on Facebook', 'The Capitol Police force is "going so far as to use paramilitary equipment" in dealing with singing protesters in Madison', 'CNN Anchor Brooke Baldwin Blames Veterans for Baltimore Violence', 'The "rate of uninsured Americans (is) 8.8 percent."', 'Congress’ Facebook Page Disables Sponsored Ad In Pakistan', 'Mel B And Heidi Klum More Than Friends, Romantic Couple?', "The Cartoon Network announced that new episodes of 'Courage the Cowardly Dog' would premiere on 30 February 2019.", '“Expanded community works programmes from 45 municipalities in 2011 to 196 in 2015 and increased the number of participants from 100,000 to more than 200,000.”', 'Quarterbacks "won the (Super Bowl) MVP more than 50 percent of the time."', '“50% of grade six pupils cannot read at all”', 'Says Kentucky Rep. Andy Barr "would let shady payday lenders take advantage of our troops" and that he took "$36,550 from payday lenders."', "The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating. That's higher than O's #'s!", 'Kardashians Coordinated Pregnancies For $25 Million?', 'Says 85 percent of IDEA charter-school students come from low-income families and about 99 percent of its graduates go to college.', 'Did a Woman Say a Theme Park ‘Fat-Shamed’ Her Because She Couldn’t Fit on a Ride?', 'Inmates at Orleans Parish Prison spent several days in flooded cells while awaiting rescue after Hurricane Katrina, and hundreds of them disappeared.', 'Says a video shows "Coretta Scott King thanking Jeff Sessions for Rosa Parks library."', "Under Barack Obama's plan, the government would spend $1-trillion more.", 'A "massive" federal computer network will make your medical records available to "millions of people" with a "complete lack of privacy and confidentiality," while doctors and hospitals who don\'t take part face "stiff penalties."', 'The twist ties on loaves of bread tell how fresh they are', "On transparency in dealing with the Republican Party of Florida's financial issues.", 'A state report’s "projection is that approximately half of public employees" would live outside municipal boundaries in a decade if the state bans local residency requirements.', 'Did Democrats Tweet an Altered Version of a Socialist Party Poster?', 'McCain lobbied for (a) $10-million pork project honoring conservative justice.', 'FactCheck Alert: From Kulbhushan Jadhav’s Death Sentence To Success Of Give It Up Campaign', 'The Santa Fe, Texas school shooter "was wearing a symbol of Antifa."', 'Get rich from a chain letter', 'Says Texas state funds were spent on "a TV series on spouses cheating on their wives, kind of glorifying the act of cheating."', ' “Since the depths of the Great Recession, more than 1.2 million net new jobs have been created—overwhelmingly full-time, well-paying and in the private sector.”', "The media ignored Kim Rhode's bronze medal-winning performance in the 2016 Summer Olympics due to her stance on gun rights.", 'Says Lady Gaga was arrested after a confrontation with First Lady Melania Trump.', 'Louisiana gets "not one single penny" from Gulf Coast offshore oil revenues.', "Ken Buck's (District Attorney's) office? His spending skyrocketed by 40 percent.", 'Says Georgia’s 5th congressional district, represented by John Lewis, is "in horrible shape and falling apart (not to mention crime infested)."', 'Virus that pretends to be a Red Cross request for donations', 'A book titled "Do You Want to Play with My Balls?" was published for children.', 'Thomas Jefferson wrote that "the strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms" is to "protect themselves against tyranny in government."', 'Will create a prison-to-work incentive program, modeled on the Welfare-to-Work Partnership, to create ties with employers, third-party agencies that provide training and support services to exoffenders, and to improve ex-offender employment and job retention rates.', 'FACT CHECK: Trump Claims Democrats Supported Reagan Tax Cuts', 'A photograph shows the offspring of a woman who gave birth to 69 children.', 'O.J Simpson Asking Kim Kardashian For Pardon Help?', 'Bill Clinton Files for Divorce from Hillary Clinton', 'Says U.S. Senate opponent Eric Hovde "supported billions in stimulus for high-speed rail" and "billions more to bail out banks."', 'Starbucks Refused Free Product to Marines Serving in Iraq?', 'After a Schoolteacher Called Thomas Edison “Addled,” His Heroic Mother Stepped In', 'Taylor Swift, Joe Alwyn Getting “Handsy” In Paparazzi Photos, ', "Says President Barack Obama initially said the national health-care mandate isn't a tax, but his administration now says it is a tax.", 'Jason Carter "actually opposed more funding for education in the Senate."', 'Says of the GOP health care proposal, "pre-existing conditions are in the bill."', 'More private-sector jobs were created in the first eight months of 2010 than in the eight years of the Bush administration.', 'Ben Affleck “Threatened” By False Jennifer Garner, Josh Duhamel Dating Rumo', 'If Wisconsin\'s governor cuts perquisites as much as he plans to do, "it would still leave (workers) better off than their private sector" counterparts.', 'On support for the Bridge to Nowhere.', 'A bill to cap carbon emissions "could cost Ohio 100,000 jobs."', 'Nicole Kidman Divorcing Keith Urban Because He Hugged “Sexy Redhead,” ', 'Says "On the Public Service Commission, (Kevin Cramer) raised his pay to over $93,650."', 'Big Lots is closing all locations immediately.', "Facebook has deemed the posting of the U.S. Marine Corps emblem a violation of the network's community standards.", 'Kim Kardashian Getting Professional Help For North West?', '1.53 million jobs are at risk (from potential defense cuts).', 'Steven Levy Commentary on Christmas', '“The labour absorption rate for young people [is] 30.8%.”', 'The "federal government is going after school districts, trying to force them to let boys shower with little girls."', 'We’re paying out-of-state residential facilities hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not more, to house children in state custody', 'Jennifer Aniston “Devastated” Justin Theroux Wants Baby With Alexa Chung Is Tru', 'Says Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson threatened to shoot him.', 'Says abortions are decreasing.', 'Toomey crossed party lines… to stop gun sales to suspects on the terror watch list.', 'Alien Spotted Boarding UFO in Romania?', 'Ace Hardware is refusing to sell propane to Dakota Access pipeline protesters.', "We in this state saw more job creation in the last three years since I've been governor than you saw in the whole eight years of Doyle’s time as governor.", '71% of WI’s roads are in poor or mediocre condition and 14% of WI’s bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete.', 'Pope Francis has endorsed Hillary Clinton for President.', 'Says the Congressional Budget Office has estimated "every penny of the federal budget will go to interest on the debt and entitlement spending by 2025."', 'The Truth Behind This Gruesome Photo Shared By Hindus, Muslims And Christians: A FactCheck', 'The deficit ... is coming down, and it’s coming down rapidly.', 'Candy Crush Invites Murder', "The federal government's National Asset Database, which is supposed to guide homeland security priorities, lists 77,069 potential U.S. targets including petting zoos and popcorn factories. Experts say this database is relatively useless for any level of homeland security planning. Barack Obama's Department of Homeland Security will develop a meaningful critical infrastructure protection plan across the nation and will work with the private sector to ensure that all real targets are prepared for disasters both natural and man-made.", 'Mini Cooper Countryman Giveaway on Facebook', "Eva Braun, Adolf Hitler's mistress turned wife, said that she hated seeing children separated from their parents but that people shouldn't blame the Führer.", 'There are twice as many gun shops as McDonald’s in the United States.', 'Statement: “It takes six days of waiting before you can get into L.A. or Long Beach,” Congressman Bob Filner said Aug. 30 in an interview with NBC 7 San Diego, referring to how long ships wait before docking in the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach.', 'Dying Veteran Bill Schoonover’s Letter to Senators', 'Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Did Talk About “Eloping” After Getting Back Together, ', 'The Democratic health care law "added 12 years of solvency to Medicare."', 'One Way Glass Toilet', 'Nelson Mandela praised President Trump ahead of a South African visit by Barack Obama.', 'Jennifer Aniston Visited Brad Pitt’s Family In His Hometown Of Missouri?', 'Anne Hathaway Having Marriage Problems, Fighting Husband Over Where To Live?', 'Says according to the FBI, more people are killed each year with hammers and clubs than rifles.', 'Four major hurricanes have hit the United States on 29 August, across 12 years, forming a meaningful pattern.', 'John Gebhardt Holding Injured Baby in Iraq', 'the warming is not nearly as great as the climate change computer models have predicted.', 'Ben Affleck Planning Wedding To “Pregnant” Lindsay Shookus, ', 'You’ve got each day 10,000 new seniors, baby boomers, becoming eligible for the entitlement programs.', 'Obama Changes Oath of Allegiance for New Americans', 'All University of Texas "student-athletes get an iPad."', "A photograph shows a woman wearing a sign reading 'My Legs Are Open for Refugees.'", 'The Obama-Clinton war on coal has cost Michigan over 50,000 jobs.', 'In the first 24 to 36 hours of the operation in Libya, "you saw $115 million go downrange because a Tomahawk cruise missile is a little over $1 million each."', 'Kevin M James the Owner of Mercedes, is Giving Away Cars on Facebook', 'When you tally up their representation in Congress and governorships, the Democrats almost have their lowest representation in about 100 years.', 'Forty-six cents of every dollar Ohio could get for Medicaid expansion "is going to come from China or some other country that doesn’t like us very much."', 'Says Donald Trump "won more counties than any candidate on our side since Ronald Reagan."', 'A video shows a ghost haunting a hallway at a school in Ireland.', 'Marine life has nothing whatsoever to fear from ocean acidification.', 'Billy Bush Hosting Fox Show “Top 30,” ', 'Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is sending out pink “Woman Cards” to those who donate to her campaign.', 'Leonardo DiCaprio Becoming Antisocial Amid Midlife Crisis?', 'Coconut Oil May Help Alzheimer’s Victims', '“Maine House Democrats Vote to Allow Female Genital Mutilation.”', 'Fact Check: Are more people travelling in Airplanes than in AC trains?', 'Says the American public "overwhelmingly opposed" Democratic-steered health care plan.', 'Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo "supported ending the Medicare guarantee."', 'Says Aaron Rodgers "is not the highest tax rate payer" in Wisconsin, it\'s "the single mom getting 24 grand in benefits with two kids who will lose 80 cents on the dollar if she goes and takes a job."', 'In Ohio, more than half the providers of safe and legal abortion have had to shut down since Gov. John Kasich took office in 2011.', ' "The (Green party\'s) resolution process is very different from other parties. Members come up with resolutions independently. Neither the leader nor anyone in the executive of the party can reject resolutions that comply with submission guidelines, nor does the party know ahead of time what resolutions will come forward. This grassroots process is a testament to the democratic values of the party." ', 'Fact Check TV: Grand Jury Power and OxyContin Deaths', 'Says President Barack Obama\'s acceptance of an "Islamic order and gold medal" was "unconstitutional."', "Melania Trump had copied her statement regarding her husband's offensive statements about women from Hillary Clinton.", 'We need a Senator who shows up to work. Sherrod Brown missed over 350 official votes.', 'Prices are going up. Unemployment is continuing to go up.', 'Photograph shows an enormous blue whale swimming underneath a boat.', 'Giant Florida Cane Spider Attacks House in Photo', 'An 11-year-old girl was shot and killed by a police sniper at the Standing Rock pipeline protest site but the media covered up news of it.', 'Says the Texas General Land Office led by George P. Bush has repaired just two homes since Hurricane Harvey.', "Oil companies ...currently have 68-million acres that they're not using.", 'Will reduce a state backlog of more than 38,000 pending veterans claims.', 'The city of Atlanta has one of the highest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender populations per capita, ranking third among major American cities.', 'Under Obama\'s tax plan, "95 percent of you will get a tax cut."', 'HIPPA Medical Hack for Denied Insurance Claims', 'Says Donald Trump supports "an agenda out there" to privatize the Veterans Affairs health care system.', "President Trump's decision to reverse the Iran nuclear deal will cost 100,000 Boeing jobs.", 'Says the Obama administration plans to reduce the number of beds devoted to holding individuals violating immigration laws and to "release hundreds of dangerous criminals into our communities."', 'FACT CHECK: Trump Says Lincoln Was Ridiculed For The Gettysburg Address', 'Cannibal on Death Row Requests Boy for Last Meal', "President Obama's bill won't bring down the costs (of health care) for average Americans -- or really for very few Americans, if any.", 'FACT CHECK: Do Wind Turbines Kill 750K Birds A Year?', 'E.coli bacteria found in bagged salads?', 'The largest category of people coming into the technical schools in Wisconsin are people with four-year degrees.', 'No one beta-tested healthcare.gov.', "I think NATO's great. But it's got to be modernized. And countries that we're protecting have to pay what they're supposed to be paying.", 'Portland Community College serves more students than all of the state’s universities combined.', 'We have shut down nearly 90 percent of the online sex-trafficking business and ads.', 'A farmer who attempted to rope a deer described the hilariously painful experience.', 'Facebook Shoes', "If you want to see the jobs that I've saved and created in this storm he helped create, go anywhere in Ohio.", 'Hillary Clinton blamed racism for the death of a gorilla in a Cincinnati zoo.', 'New Hampshire has lost more jobs to China than any other state.', 'The IRS is going to require guns to be listed on income tax forms', 'I differed with my party on business legislation, on consumer protection, and on free trade agreements.', 'The presence of gorillas calls into question the concept of evolution.', 'Nike released a line of sneakers designed to look as if they had been burned in order get back at consumers who destroyed their products in protest.', 'Jesus named the Antichrist—and it’s Barack Obama', 'As secretary of state, (Hillary Clinton) worked hard to get strong sanctions against Iran\'s nuclear program and "got Russia and China to support them."', 'Donald Trump called for a boycott of all Apple products in a tweet sent from his iPhone.', "An organized crime syndicate was extorting money from his (Tom Ganley’s) business, threatening his family, but he fought back and won the FBI's highest civilian award", 'Ivanka Trump, by way of a female entrepreneurship fund, received a $100 million donation from Saudi Arabia.', 'In the month of January, Canada created more new jobs than we did.', "Sixty-five percent of the Iraqi people now say it's okay to shoot an American soldier.", 'As president, Barack Obama has never visited Israel.', 'Algeria "wanted to be taken off of the terror list" at the time it made an unreported donation to the Clinton Foundation.', 'In the U.S., "African-Americans continue to be arrested at nearly three and one half times the rate of whites" on marijuana charges.', 'Women have come through the recession worse off than men … the numbers bear that out. We went from a 7 percent unemployment rate for women when he (President Barack Obama) was elected to an 8.1 percent now.', 'A DNA test proved that a retired postman fathered more than 1300 illegitimate children.', 'Says when Republicans took over the state legislature in 2010, New Hampshire’s tax rate for employers was 50th in the nation, and unemployment had more than doubled under Democrats.', 'Says 95 percent of people caught crossing the U.S.-Mexico border said in a survey "we are coming because we’ve been promised amnesty."', "Bill Maher smoked a joint during a live broadcast of 'Real Time with Bill Maher,' and the FCC imposed a hefty fine.", "The current practice of administering the (state driver's license) written test in multiple languages should be reviewed to examine its costs and benefits.", "I can't sign money. That's illegal.", 'Kate Middleton Adding Workload Because Of Focus On Meghan Markle, ', 'Says during George W. Bush’s administration "we were losing millions of jobs per month," while under Barack Obama we have "three years of gaining hundreds of thousands of jobs per month."', 'Only Labor "will continue to invest in both road and rail projects".', 'Travis County residents "trusted me to take on Tom DeLay — and we won."', 'Meghan Markle “Regrets” Marrying Prince Harry, Misses Old Life?', 'Doctor, Paramedic Save Each Other’s Lives 30 Years Apart', 'Dropping the Hammer on James Comey', 'Says he’s "never voted ‘present’ in the House instead of taking a yes or no position.', 'Kylie Jenner, Travis Scott Did Split, ', 'H.R. 2847 Expected to Cause U.S. Dollar to Collapse', 'Austin was the "site of the first mass shooting in the country."', 'Melania Trump has filed for divorce over her role as the First Lady of the United States.', 'Says New Jersey’s prison system is "61 percent African-American even though our state is just 13 percent black."', 'Says Mahlon Mitchell "received a massive raise on the backs of hard-working firefighters and turned the union into his own personal political slush fund."', 'For the state of Florida, "there is not an additional cost with implementation of the Common Core standards."', 'Telephone customers returning one-ring calls from foreign phone numbers and are charged hefty fees.', 'Barack Obama supports plans to raise "income taxes ... payroll taxes."', "We've seen more anti-women's choice bills introduced in the first half of this session than we've seen in the last three General Assemblies.", 'Because of the steps we took, there are about 2 million Americans working right now who would otherwise be unemployed.', 'Says Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Russ Feingold "voted over 250 times to raise taxes."', 'The Democrats in the Senate and some members of Congress defended what Fannie and Freddie were doing. They resisted any change.', 'In the history of Republican primaries, I’ve gotten the most votes in the history of the Republican party.', 'Adolf Hitler never used chemical weapons (against his own people).', 'Says Florida Gov. Rick Scott’s cuts to education are the same as his proposed corporate income tax rate reduction.', 'While Sarah was Mayor of Wasilla she tried to fire our highly respected City Librarian because the Librarian refused to consider removing from the library some books that Sarah wanted removed.', 'It is quicker, online using an app, to order cocaine to your house than to order a pizza. If you’re in Glasgow you can get it delivered to your door quicker than a Dominos.', 'Stacey Dash was hired by Donald Trump for his "Negro Outreach Program."', '“President Trump signed an executive order according to which any illegal who lives on welfare will be sent home.”', "Did Virginia's Governor Legalize Marijuana?", 'Wounded Warriors Project Operational Expenses Outweighs Funds Given to Program Services', 'McCain opposes repeal of the death tax.', 'Gwen Stefani, Blake Shelton “At War” Over Chloe Kohanski, ', "In the late 1980s, the U.S. was nearly the lowest-taxed nation in the world, and a quarter century later we're nearly the highest.", 'Lindsay Parkhurst wants to take away programs like Social Security and Medicare that seniors have earned throughout their lifetimes.', 'Katy Perry “Waiting” For Robert Pattinson To “Let Her Out Of Friend Zone,” ', "The firefighters, the policemen and others who supported (Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker) in his election bid ... don't have to worry about their collective bargaining rights.", 'Jennifer Aniston, Justin Theroux Had “Explosive Showdown” Over Brad Pitt?', 'The Obama Administration is "fighting in court" to allow non-citizens to vote in general elections.', 'George Takei Running For Congress, ', 'Claim: It’s cheaper for the State to build houses directly, than to contract it out to the private sector', 'Angelina Jolie Revenge Dating Johnny Depp, ', 'In January 2018, technology companies revealed plans to sell a sex robot that can cook and clean by 2019.', "Only one person out of 87,000 tested positive for drugs under Arizona's $3.6 million drug-testing program for welfare recipients.", 'Says Greg Abbott "has lost" in court "four times in just the past few days."', 'Since the summer break, tensions have been simmering within the Coalition over electric vehicles. Although Environment Minister Josh Frydenberg has thrown his support behind electric cars, some on the government benches are yet to be convinced.', "About two-thirds of all consumption is services. . . It was just the opposite when the sales tax was enacted in the '30s.", 'Research shows that "a vast majority of arriving immigrants today come here because they believe that government is the source of prosperity, and that\'s what they support."', 'Clinton Pilot Dimitri Noonan Found Dead After\xa0Revealing Clinton/Lynch Meeting', 'Vatican City, the Taj Mahal, Yankee Stadium and five other landmarks could all fit inside the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.', 'CLAIM: 30,000 people cross Ireland-Northern Ireland border daily.', 'John Holdren, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, "has proposed forcing abortions and putting sterilants in the drinking water to control population."', '“I will cut the tax rate by eliminating the Alvarez tax increases. Our government is just too big and too expensive. Taxpayers want and deserve a government we can afford. We need to eliminate duplication, eliminate unfilled positions and focus on essential services.”', 'Statement: The city has given “no pay raises for our employees for the last three years,” Mayor Jerry Sanders said at an April 14 press conference.', "Since 1981, reconciliation has been used 21 times. Most of it's been used by Republicans.", 'Muslim Mayhem on AirTran Jetliner', 'There are small worms in bags of Lipton tea.', 'Emma Stone Did Say “Stand Behind” Donald Trump, ', 'Says Debo Adegbile "was nominated to serve as a judge on the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals" and "was abruptly withdrawn by the administration."', 'Panadol Extra Kidney Damage Warning', 'Almost 1 million children ... have no health insurance in this state.', "The claim: Kevin Rudd says building a high speed rail project from Brisbane to Melbourne by 2035 would cost less than the Coalition's paid parental leave scheme for the same period of time.", 'Florida is considered the fourth-largest gambling state in the nation.', 'The Massachusetts health care plan is "wildly unpopular" among state residents.', 'Toyota 4Runner Giveaway', 'Says human activity, or carbon dioxide emissions, is not the “primary contributor” to global warming.', 'I have the No. 1 show on NBC.', "The reason why Cubans don't have access to 21st century telecommunications — like smart phones, like access to the Internet — is because it is illegal in Cuba.", 'Jennifer Aniston, Justin Theroux Marriage Did End During 2017 Trip To Paris, ', 'The Clintons were forced to return an estimated $200,000 in furniture, china and art they "stole" from the White House.', "QuikTrip's Safe Place is equipped to provide a safe room and assistance to a variety of victims of violence or persons otherwise in danger.", 'Gitmo Detainees Swapped for Bowe Bergdahl Are Now ISIS Leaders', "The Wawa Welcome America festival (features) . . . America's largest free concert.", 'Social Security has not contributed to the debt and the deficits.', 'The British Airways attendant who turned the tables on a racist passenger', '“In 2013, of the total 5,698 deaths in South Africa due to transport, 2,515 were among youth, indicating that 44% of all traffic accident deaths in the country occurred among the youth.”', "[W]e see America's prison population exploding, with America having a greater percentage of its people behind bars than any other nation in the world!", 'In Rhode Island, a recent study showed that among a group of people who had been homeless for a year or more, Medicaid costs averaged about $60,000 per person.', 'FACT CHECK: Did Rick Perry Say Fossil Fuels Will Prevent Sexual Assault?', 'The musical Mamma Mia! has "been selling out for years."', 'Under Labor, taxpayers have paid to train public servants on how to get "a good night\'s sleep".', 'Health Benefits of Oil Pulling', 'A photograph captures Harriet Tubman as a "Gun-Toting, Democrat-Shooting" Republican.', 'Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin "unemployment\'s up" from 4.8% to 6.2%', 'Chris Hemsworth In “Agony” Over Elsa Pataky’s “Steamy Kiss” With Co-Star, ', 'The lawyer who brought the case against NationsBank said "publicly that Alex Sink had nothing to do with the case, had nothing to do with the situation and didn\'t know about the problems."', 'Statement: “Retirement costs are projected to consume one-third of Los Angeles’s budget by 2015, and half of San Diego’s budget by 2025,” Tad Friend, a reporter for The New Yorker magazine, wrote in a Sept. 5, 2011 article.', '“[We have achieved] a halving in the number of deaths of children under 5 years.”', 'Police warned citizens to "stay inside" on Halloween night because of information that "creepy clowns" planned a "purge night."', 'It is only under President Trump that we have become the largest producer of oil and gas resources.', 'Says the Affordable Care Act was a federal takeover of the student loan industry and ‘profits’ on the loans go to help pay for the health care law.', 'Barack Obama and Joe Biden would work with key European allies to persuade the European Union as a whole to end its practice of extending large-scale credit guarantees to Iran.', 'An elderly birdwatcher had a physical altercation with an Oregon militant at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge.', 'On whether President Obama\'s speeches to school children spread "socialist ideology."', 'Mexico-Guatemala Border Wall', 'Free 85 Aldi Coupon', 'Ben Affleck Facing “Brain Damage” After Motorcycle Crash, ', 'TV Pastor Joel Osteen Denounces Christianity and Calls it Quits', "Actor Barry Williams, who played Greg Brady on 'The Brady Bunch,' was shot and killed by police officers in California.", 'Stretching TV standards', 'There is no legal basis for Donald Trump\'s "missile strike against Syrian military assets."', 'Savannah Guthrie Does Need To “Watch Out” For Megyn Kelly, ', 'Dandelion root can kill 98 percent of cancer cells in 48 hours.', 'On April 29, in a speech at the Davao International Airport, Duterte said:', 'Millions of dollars are spent by Planned Parenthood to elect Democrats to the House of Representatives and the Senate.', 'Jay Z Did Call Kanye West “Pesky Fly,” ', "Do Hundreds of Papers Published in 2017 'Prove' That Global Warming is a Myth?", 'In 1947, when I was born, there were about 450,000 lions. In the mid-70s, when my kids were born, there were about 100,000. Today, there are less than 30,000.', 'U.S. Marines Defending Embassy in Egypt Without Ammunition', 'President Obama Didn’t Lower Flags for Chattanooga Shooting', 'Over half the people on disability are either anxious or their back hurts.', 'Says "56 percent of (the U.S.-Mexico) border is not under our control."', 'Jennifer Aniston Does Have “Absurd Diet Demands” For Justin Theroux, ', 'We have an 80 percent graduation rate in high school after spending more per student than any country in the world other than Liechtenstein, I think, or Luxembourg and a couple other small countries.', 'Donald Trump claimed he could "stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody" and not "lose any voters."', 'The University of Wisconsin System "will be much more affordable than just about any other campus in America" because "going forward we have a cap on it tied to inflation."', 'Will "update and reform our copyright and patent systems to promote civic discourse, innovation and investment while ensuring that intellectual property owners are fairly treated."', 'Over 40 percent of children born in America are born out of wedlock.', 'Latinos in Nevada support Educational Savings Accounts, helping more than 450,000 students access better schools. But Catherine Cortez Masto is against it.', 'Even If You Are Not Catholic, This Is Eye Opening', 'Mitt Romney is the first Massachusetts politician to run for president and not win the New Hampshire primary in a generation.', 'Says U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin, a candidate for Senate, supports raising taxes "by $858 billion."', 'The Mayo Clinic Grapefruit Diet', 'Since taking office, Andrew Cuomo has given massive tax breaks to corporations and the super rich.', 'Ending tax deductions for companies shipping jobs overseas, and using the saving to create a new tax credit for companies that bring jobs home.', 'Statement: “Through aggressive efforts by businesses and residents alike, we’re using far less water than we did 20 years ago, with a population that’s one-fifth larger,” Mayor Jerry Sanders said in his State of the City address Jan. 12.', 'Jennifer Lopez, Alex Rodriguez Secretly Engaged, Marrying In July Fourth Wedding?', 'Elizabeth Townsend runs the elections office that omitted a school board race on a ballot and gave a School Board candidate "faulty advice."', 'I’m running against a groundhog. He saw his shadow on the primary day, and no one has seen him since.', 'On foreign policy, Joe Biden was against aid for Vietnam, said the fall of the Shah was "a step forward" for human rights in Iran, opposed Reagan\'s defense build-up and voted against the first Gulf War.', 'The increase in the garbage tax that [Mayor Allan Fung] imposed in Cranston for some people has been as much as $200.', 'Why Hillary Clinton Was Really in Beaumont, Texas', 'In the Obama Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency will strictly monitor and regulate pollution from large Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations (CAFOs) - which raise more than 40 percent of U.S. livestock - with fines for those who violate tough air and water quality standards.', 'Says Democratic North Carolina House candidate Dan McCready "took money from the Pelosi crowd" and is "with them" in their agenda and "wants to repeal your tax cut."', 'In the event of a hurricane, mobile phone users can update their voicemail greetings even if they lose WiFi and cellular service.', "In 2010, everybody said you can't dare let guns go into the national parks, and of course the rapes, murders, robberies and assaults are down about 85 percent since we did that.", 'The American people will not support doing anything about people that are in this country illegally until the law is enforced first.', 'Says CNN deleted an online poll showing Bernie Sanders won the first Democratic presidential debate to help out Hillary Clinton.', 'The Kochs stand to make around $100 billion if the government approves the Keystone XL pipeline.', 'Kendall Jenner In Love With Scott Disick?', 'Says Republican Reid Ribble says stimulus bill failed to jumpstart the economy, but his "roofing company made almost $300,000 off stimulus funded projects."', 'CLAIM: NDA repaid the pending bills of oil bonds worth Rs 1.4 lakh crore.', 'Angelina Jolie Tried Getting Brad Pitt Back With Help From Selena Gomez?', 'A photograph shows "rainbow mountains" in Peru.', '$1.8 billion Of Soros’ money just intercepted – he could officially go to prison for years', 'The issue of political donations remains a source of ongoing policy debate in Australian politics, amid concerns that powerful interests — including property developers, tobacco, liquor and gambling businesses — are buying influence.', 'The “friendlygreetings” e-card that acts like a virus', 'Will "get true broadband to every community in America through a combination of reform of the Universal Service Fund, better use of the nation\'s wireless spectrum, promotion of next-generation facilities, technologies and applications, and new tax and loan incentives."', 'Phillip Morris has announced the introduction of Marlboro M brand marijuana cigarettes.', 'Chicago is "the city with the strongest gun laws in our nation."', 'Says Donald Trump’s "only economic agenda is imposing massive taxes on the American people with a 40 percent tax hike of a giant tariff."', 'President’s Half Brother Photographed in Hamas Scarf', 'Kate Hudson, Goldie Hawn Oujia Board Seance Took “Terrifying Turn”?', "We're in the biggest construction boom New Zealand has ever seen.", 'Actor, Comedian Sinbad is Dead', 'Says Mitt Romney is wrong to claim that spending under Obama has "accelerated at a pace without precedent in recent history," because it\'s actually risen "slower than at any time in nearly 60 years."', 'Mayor Barrett saved Milwaukee $25 million, thanks to Gov. Walker’s reforms.', 'There are No-Go Zones in Europe under Sharia Law', 'Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said his country had received more than 10 million immigration applications from Americans immediately after the 2016 presidential election.', 'Jaden Smith stated he wanted to have his penis removed on his 18th birthday.', 'eMails Advertising Insurance May Lead to Computer Virus', 'Says Michele Bachmann said on Fox News, "This country could use a president like Benjamin Franklin again."', 'LOL Stands for “Lucifer Our Lord”', 'College students "who are NOT U.S. Citizens and who get the PELL Grant" plan to return to their home countries after getting free gas cards and child care.', 'Matt Damon said Duterte’s the ‘last man standing’ in drug war', 'The American Conservative Union gives [Rep. Tim] Ryan a dismal 0.0 percent rating for the billions he has contributed to our national debt.', "The U.S. government banned the sale of lawn darts in the aftermath of a child's death.", 'Opponents of Section 5 (of the Voting Rights Act) complain of state expense, yet their only cost is the paper, postage and manpower required to send copies of legislation to the federal government for review.', 'Bindi Irwin, Chandler Powell Engaged?', 'Jennifer Aniston Using Brad Pitt As “Leverage” In Justin Theroux Marriag', 'There was a "loss of eight million jobs during the Bush eight years."', 'Jamie Foxx “Upset” Katie Holmes, Joshua Jackson Are “Talking Again,” ', 'About halfway through fiscal year 2009, Washington has run out of money.', 'Keanu Reeves overcame a series of tragic events in his life, before and after becoming a wealthy movie star.', 'Says "New Jersey has the most educated population of all the states in this country."', "Is This a Photograph of Christine Blasey Ford Holding a 'Not My President' Sign?", 'Over 73% of all donations raised (from the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge) are going to fundraising, overhead, executive salaries, and external donations.', 'Kevin Carter Pulitzer Prize Photograph', 'Says the Obama administration "will no longer enforce the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA)."', 'A photograph shows President Obama taking the oath of office with his hand on a Quran.', 'In 1929, the Secretary of State shut down a program that was "collecting information to protect America" because it was "unseemly," but that move led to "millions and millions" of deaths in World War II.', 'More than 15,000 transgender Americans are "serving in the military today."', 'On offshore drilling.', 'An Ohio ballot issue would address the fact that "we’ve gone from paying about $100 for Epipens to over $600 ... We don’t have a choice but to pay it and the drug companies know it."', 'Says Gov. Chris Christie has "now come up with a new agenda" for ethics reform in September 2011.', 'The Coalition’s alternative climate change policy will cost billions of dollars more than Tony Abbott claims and has no chance of meeting Australia’s emissions reduction target.', 'The claim: Adam Bandt says the Federal Government has cut spending on science, research and innovation to an "historic low".', '“ Kenya has a workforce of 20 million people.”', 'Cassie Bernall Said “Yes” When Asked about her faith by a shooter at Columbine', 'Denmark Teacher Rails Against Socialism, Bernie Sanders', 'Donald Trump intervened to stop a bat-wielding mugger in New York City in 1991.', "Legally, it doesn't make any difference which state district you live in when running for Congress.", 'A new federal law will bar persons under the age of 18-years old from riding as passengers on motorcycles.', "Says Mitt Romney refused to say whether he'd sign the Lilly Ledbetter bill.", 'Says the Texas State Board of Education is considering eliminating references to Christmas and the Constitution in textbooks.', 'The fastest-rising expense in the U.S. Defense Department is health care.', 'Say New Jersey Reps. Donald Payne and Frank Pallone are "socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."', 'Lord of the Flies author William Golding once said that women are "far superior [to men] and always have been."', "Donald Trump Watches 'The Gorilla Channel'?", 'Czech News Quote About the Election of President Obama', 'Property taxes had increased 70 percent in the previous 10 years.', '‘SNL’ Cast Taking Sides In Ben Affleck, Lindsay Shookus Split, ', 'As Speaker of the House, John Boehner vowed that he will continue to fly commercial rather than military planes. "Well, I have talked to our security folks about the security that\'s involved in my new role," he said in an interview. "But over the last 20 years, I have flown back and forth to my district on commercial aircraft, and I\'m going to continue to do that."', 'Photographs show the aftermath of a motorcycle-automobile collision.', 'Florida is enjoying its lowest crime rate in 39 years.', '47 - New provisions ObamaCare charges the IRS with implementing, according to the Government Accountability Office.', 'Figures cited by Gov. Scott Walker "are not commonly used" to measure job creation.', 'I have not called for impeachment of President Donald Trump.', 'President Bush comforts a teen who lost her mother in the World Trade Center', 'Pray for Katie Fitch', 'Statement: “We’ve seen an increase in circulation since Aug. 1,” Union-Tribune publisher Ed Moss said in an October 2009 interview.', 'Caitlyn Jenner Getting “Drastic Plastic Makeover,” ', 'Warnings about propane tanks used for making meth', '“Youth illiteracy is nearly nonexistent at 4%.”', "Right now one of our highest job growth sectors is Leisure and Hospitality. We've added jobs that mostly fall within the restaurant and bar sector industry. These are not high-paying jobs, as the U.S. Department of Labor estimates this is an industry sector with the lowest average wages and the lowest proportion of its workforce earning minimum or subminimum wage jobs.", 'Says Republican gubernatorial candidate Adam Laxalt "tried to cut a deal with big pharma" in a lawsuit.', 'Says Bruce Starr broke the law by letting lobbyists wine and dine him in Maui.', 'Florida School Shooter Nikolas Cruz is a Member of Antifa, Resistance Groups', 'Iconic legacy fragrance Chanel No. 5 will be discontinued because the construction of a train track in France threatens its flower supply chain.', "A video depicts a young woman's struggling to open a can of Spaghetti-Os as a crowd watches and cheers her eventual hard-won victory.", "At least 100,000 churches called for the withdrawal of Brett Kavanaugh's Supreme Court nomination.", 'Sherrod Brown "has voted with Barack Obama 95 percent of the time."', 'Parasites infesting the breast from new bras', "Thanks to Washington, nearly everyone will pay more in taxes in 2013. Somehow people think it's just the wealthy. It's not.", 'Dan Seals has been running for office "since before there were, like, iPods."', "Venomous 'two-striped telamonia' spiders are lurking beneath toilet seats in public restrooms.", 'Kroger Free $80 Gift Card', 'Seventy-five percent of the young adults in this country are not mentally or physically fit to serve.', 'Says that in a hearing, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords suggested to Gen. David Petraeus that the Army "put more emphasis on less environmentally damaging methods, like stabbing or clubbing enemy forces in order to minimize the carbon output."', '“The overall crime rate has decreased by 21 %\xa0since 2002…”', 'In the Air Tonight', "Hillary Clinton's campaign manipulated a photograph to increase the crowd size at one of Bill Clinton's appearances.", 'After years of wage stagnation, we are finally seeing rising wages.', 'During my second term I will: Continue to expand funding for springs restoration and alternative water supply programs.', 'If you’re getting your insurance through (your employer), nothing changes under Trumpcare.', 'Jon Hamm Upset That Chris Martin Stole Dakota Johnson From Him?', 'Tiffany Haddish Dating Lamar Odom?', 'Sex Trafficking Site Tracker Warning Going Viral on Facebook', '“UPDATE: Cop Who Arrested Malia Obama Found Dead Under Suspicious Circumstances.”', 'GAP is rewarding you for forwarding emails for the company', 'Says President Barack Obama has issued upwards of 1,000 executive orders, more than any modern president.', 'When it comes to protesters in Madison, "almost all" are now from outside of Wisconsin.', "Rihanna 'S3X' Tape Survey Facebook", 'Beyonce Excited For Taylor Swift Diss Of Kim Kardashian In New Song?', 'In the 1950s, "A lot of people got rich — and they had to pay a top tax rate of 90 percent."', 'Michael Strahan “Causing Mayhem” At “GMA,” ', '90% of rural women and 55% of all women are illiterate in Morocco.', 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Palace spox Roque says these Duterte quips should not be taken seriously', 'Warren (Buffett) still does support me.', 'Statement: “By partnering with the private sector to provide services we have saved over $390 million,” County Supervisor Pam Slater-Price said in her State of the County speech Feb. 10.', 'A VA accountability law enacted last year allows the VA to say "you\'re fired" to employees. "Before, there was nothing you could do."', 'An image shows a curt response from a Target customer service representative.', 'John McCain has "a consistent pattern of ducking important environmental votes."', 'Says "99 percent of the time police officers aren\'t charged when they kill young people of color."', 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Online post claiming Chinese hospital ship to aid ‘Ompong’ victims', 'Orlando Bloom “Two-Timing” Katy Perry?', 'Sears is Providing Financially for Employees Who are Reservists on Active Duty', "You can look up anyone's driver's license for free through the 'National Motor Vehicle Licence Organization' web site.", 'Overdosing is now the number one accidental killer in our Commonwealth.', 'Harry Potter Author J.K. Rowling Avowed Satanist', '75 percent of the (air traffic control) towers the Obama Administration is closing are located in Republican Congressional Districts.', 'In Florida, it’s not illegal for an immediate family member of state officials to prosper from legislation supported by a spouse.', 'Barack Obama believes that the first place to look to strengthen Social Security is the payroll tax system. Obama believes that one strong option is increasing the maximum amount of earnings covered by Social Security by lifting the payroll tax cap on only earnings above $250,000.', 'The federal health care law tells "the American people precisely what type of coverage they have to have."', 'Ryan Reynolds Anxiety Ruining Blake Lively Marriage?', 'James Stuhlman Was Murdered While Walking His Dog', 'Says Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are "responsible for leading America into a deal that will arm Iran."', 'Congresswoman Frederica Wilson successfully postpones closure of the North Perry airport tower.', 'The violent crime rate in America is the same as it was in 1968, yet our prison system has grown by over 500 percent.', "Fact Check TV: Drugs, Firefighters and UCSD's Enrollment", 'Says "our 12 month job increase was the sixth highest in the nation."', 'Unlike Benghazi, there were no investigations of the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing, none about key aspects of the 9/11 attacks and the Iraq War, and none about embassy attacks under George W. Bush.', 'More than 40,000 troops are still stationed in Afghanistan with no clear objective. Even in the best case, by the end of the year at least 10,000 American soldiers will still be on the ground.', 'Says Judge Gonzalo Curiel "is a member of a club or society, very strongly pro-Mexican."', 'With the Republican-backed tax cut, "we’re seeing the result, and to date, federal tax revenues have gone up."', 'The largest number of gamblers are "from the poorest segments of the population."', 'Will create a White House Office of Urban Policy to develop a strategy for metropolitan America and to ensure that all federal dollars targeted to urban areas are effectively spent on the highest-impact programs. The Director of Urban Policy will report directly to the president and coordinate all federal urban programs.', 'Our minority graduation rate went from levels below Milwaukee and Madison, to above 80% when I was Beloit school superintendent.', "McAuliffe will work in a bipartisan way with the legislature and with stakeholders in both the business community and local government to find agreement on revenue-neutral solutions to give localities the option to reduce or eliminate the burdensome BPOL, Merchant's Capital tax, and Machinery and Tool tax.", 'Says Rep. Justin Amash "votes more with the Democrats than with the Republicans."', 'Says Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones told players: "Stand for the Anthem or you’re off team."', 'New Jersey has the largest transit system in the entire country.', 'To reduce bills rushed through Congress and to the president before the public has the opportunity to review them, Obama "will not sign any non-emergency bill without giving the American public an opportunity to review and comment on the White House website for five days."', 'Angelina Jolie Getting Sexy Makeover For Awards Season, ', 'Virginia’s educational level among whites is higher than Georgia’s.', 'The State Department has imposed sanctions against Phillippines Vice President Leni Robredo, banning her from the U.S.', 'In the 18th Congressional District, 100% of electric generation comes from coal.', 'As the Wisconsin gubernatorial race progresses, Democratic candidate and Milwaukee businessman Andy Gronik has repeatedly taken aim at Republican Gov. Scott Walker. In a Jan. 24 blog post, Gronik condemned Walker for low wages that he said lead to residents having to work multiple jobs. Said Gronik: “Wisconsinites will remember Walker’s failures when they go to work at that second, third or fourth job because their wages are so low that one job won’t cut it.” The Observatory checked this claim. ', 'The top 1/10th of 1 percent today in America owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.', 'President Trump Signs Executive Order Banning Impeachment', 'The Obama administration has even joined Islamist governments in sponsoring a U.N. resolution that would shred our First Amendment by threatening to make discussion of radical Islamism potentially illegal.', 'Democratic Origins of Social Security', 'A commencement speech delivered by President Trump at Liberty University in May 2017 bore remarkable similarities to one given by Reese Witherspoon\'s character in the 2001 film "Legally Blonde."', 'The Great Recession emerged "in large part because of tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy, failed to invest in the middle class, took their eyes off of Wall Street, and created a perfect storm."', 'Michael Jackson Died Years Ago', 'Columbia Records mistakenly released a Byrds album without a title.', 'Since 2010, Republicans have won unaffiliated voters in every general election.', 'A number of localities in the United States, France, and Britain are considered Muslim "no-go zones" (operating under Sharia Law) where local laws are not applicable.', 'Mars is Going to Be the Closest to Earth Then Ever Before in Recorded History', 'In 2012, the state "put together a list of over 100,000 people that they thought were ineligible to vote. Came out there were less than 10."', 'We adopted the modern Social Security system at a time when the average person died before they were old enough to get Social Security.', 'Biblical Historian Says He Does Not Respect President Obama', 'I will call for an increase in the allowable size of the Rainy Day Fund, to help buttress the Commonwealth against the difficult times that we must always be prepared for.', 'A Canadian teen discovered a lost Mayan city using satellite maps.', 'Iranian mullahs took American hostages and they held the American hostages for 444 days. ...The one hour in which they released them was the one hour in which Ronald Reagan was taking the Oath of Office …', 'Circulating Post Recommends Wasp Spray As A Substitute for Pepper Spray', 'Russian natural gas company "Gazprom held Europe by the throat -- they were a monopoly, and now the U.S. is breaking into that monopoly with our exports of (liquefied natural gas)."', 'Says Marsha Blackburn "voted against the Reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act, which attempts to protect women from domestic violence, stalking, and date rape."', 'We are now eighth in the nation in job creation . . . we are No. 1 in the Midwest.', "Chelsea Clinton is married to George Soros' nephew.", 'Statement: “We find that about two-thirds of the businesses and multifamily complexes are doing a great job, but that means that there’s still about a third that don’t have recycling,” Ken Prue, the city’s recycling program manager, said on KPBS Nov. 17.', 'President Trump to Remove Statue of Liberty, Return it to France', "Sen. Obama's campaign announced that he's choosing his cabinet.", 'The amount of the revenue required by the state (for the construction of high-speed rail) is around 10 percent.', 'A photograph shows a Muslim woman disrespecting the United States by sitting during its national anthem.', 'I recently signed legislation that includes more than $2 billion to improve school safety, including the funding for training, and metal detectors, and security and mental health.', 'Katy Perry “Furious” Taylor Swift Shared Olive Branch Publicly?', "We're within 600 miles of 60 percent of America. We're in a perfect location.", 'Double the number of Texas-Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (T-STEM) academies from 46 to 92, significantly increasing the number of students attending the academies.', 'Statement: “To close driest year ever, water use last month in SD was up 25% over the same month a year ago. Do better,” Matt O’Malley of San Diego Coastkeeper wrote in a Jan. 30 tweet.', 'The Federal Coalition wants to privatise public health care. Just like America.', 'Says Houston National Cemetery is preventing Christian prayers from being said at military funerals.', 'Sherlock Holmes said, "Elementary, my dear Watson."', 'Obama "has no experience or background at all in national security affairs."', 'German police officers started wearing chainmail in 2016 due to an increase in refugee stabbing attacks.', 'It\'s "not true" that immigrants in the U.S. illegally are "safer than the people that live in the country" in terms of crimes committed.', 'There are more words in the IRS code than there are in the Bible.', 'Justin Bieber Talking To Pastor Carl Lentz About Proposing To Selena Gomez?', "If I'm elected president, I will push for a constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress.", 'Says the GOP plan he supports is "the biggest tax cut in U.S. history."', 'Says President Obama\'s new immigration plan "is amnesty."', 'We have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil.', 'Speaker Gingrich has said that we ought to get rid of our child labor laws.', "The claim: Two industry associations say 80,000 charity workers would be affected by Labor's proposed changes to the way Fringe Benefits Tax can be calculated for salary sacrificed cars.", 'Claim: All 34 international airports and all 48 domestic airports have been provided with accessible feature.', 'Kaley Cuoco Having Marriage Problems, Focusing On ‘Big Bang Theory’ Instead Of Husband?', 'We will have the highest general revenue in state history next year. Conservative pro-growth policies work in our state.', 'When the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport needed to stop its earthquake spike a few years ago, they temporarily shut down the wells that were injecting fracking fluid into the ground ... (and) those earthquakes stopped.', 'FACT CHECK: Does The LSAT Registration Form List A Dozen Different Gender Options?', 'Hate Letter Targets Autistic Teen and His Family', 'Says Hillary Clinton "erased all of her emails even though they were subject to recall and review by Congress."', 'President B. Lyndon Johnson once said, "I\'ll have those niggers voting Democratic for 200 years."', 'Jordan’s King Abdullah II Will Fly Combat Missions Against Islamic State', 'Says $800,000 cost of Texas special legislative session would pay for 1.6 million condoms, 90,000 months of the pill or 20 full-time sexual health educators.', 'Angelina Jolie Did Say Cancer Scares Led To Brad Pitt Split, ', 'Says the Foreign Investment Review Board "has never said no to any agriculture purchase or any aggregate business purchases in its history".', 'Says "we" have put more boots on the U.S.-Mexico border "than at any time in our history, and illegal crossings are down by nearly 80 percent from their peak in 2000."', 'A single eruption from a volcano puts 10,000 times more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than all of human activity has throughout history.', 'We have killed lots of innocent people in the state of Texas.', 'Paris Hilton Using Nicole Richie As Wedding Planner?', 'We had the Democratic Governors Association and the Obama political machine come into a Republican primary to try and rig the election by spending $1 million against me in the last couple of days.', 'The United States has "an immigration system where only 6.5 percent of people who come here, come here based on labor and skill."', 'Attorney General Jeff Sessions has investments in the private prison industry.', 'Says Obama called Medicaid "broken" four years ago.', 'The White House cancelled the 2017 Easter Egg roll.', 'Turtle in a Bind', 'Says Bernie Sanders "voted for what we call the \'Charleston Loophole.\'"', 'My home state since June of 2009 created 40 percent of the new jobs in America.', 'Gwen Stefani “Convinced” Blake Shelton Won’t Propose This Year?', 'A black box recording has surfaced featuring an eerie message that suggests the disappearance of Malaysia Flight MH370 involved extraterrestrials.', 'Justin Bieber ‘Breaking Out In Pimples’ Because Of Hailey Baldwin Engagement Stress?', 'For our next two years in my state, we will end with a structural surplus of $499 million.', 'I was pretty proud of being the only guy on the stage that ever had a job in the private sector.', 'The Alternative Minimum Tax...was created by Congress in 1969 to affect 155 wealthy Americans. Because it was never indexed for inflation, those original 155 taxpayers has increased to affect about 3.5-million in 2006.', 'Texas "ranks third in teen pregnancies... and it is No. 1 in repeat teen pregnancies."', 'Letter By Florida Teacher: Immigrants Are Owed Nothing But Opportunity', 'Floyd Mayweather Donates Millions to Houston Flooding Relief', 'The United States "is not modernizing its nuclear weapons."', 'Since the stimulus package was passed, "Ohio’s lost over 100,000 more jobs."', 'California has banned a popular type of ammunition, the .45 ACP.', 'FACT CHECK: How Large Is The US Trade Deficit?', 'Social Media Push For Anil Ambani Despite 97% Shareholder Wealth Destruction In 10 Years', 'House Republicans just passed a bill that makes it legal for single mothers to be fired by their employers.', 'In Japan, "permanent residency is not given to Muslims," the "propagation of Islam" is banned, "one cannot import a Koran published in the Arabic language," and "Muslims cannot even rent a house."', 'The Clinton Foundation rates higher than the Red Cross in charity rankings.', "Governor Scott will propose to double down on Florida's investment in digital learning initiatives for school districts from $40 million to $80 million.", 'More than half of all black children live in single-parent households, a number that has doubled — doubled — since we were children.', 'Is Tide Discontinuing Their PODs Product Because Consumers Eat Them?', 'BMW Manager X6 Giveaway', 'Angelina Jolie “Desperate” For Brad Pitt Reconciliation, ', "Mitt Romney's companies were pioneers in outsourcing U.S. jobs to low-wage countries.", 'Says he has "the most impressive education record" of the Republican candidates.', 'FACT CHECK: Did Climate Change Cause The California Wildfires?', 'Did Air India Buy Paintings From Former Defence Minister’s Wife For Rs 28 Crore?', 'Some city of Atlanta employees "have not had raises in eight years."', 'Says she introduced a ban on "dirty dancing."', 'Statement: “Either party can reopen in future years for those articles pertaining to Health and Welfare and Wages,” said a San Diego Unified School District financial disclosure, signed March 1, 2010 by Superintendent Bill Kowba and former Chief Financial Officer James Masias.', 'We cut taxes for 95 percent of working families.', 'Black Lives Matter protesters in Baton Rouge chanted calls for "dead cops ... now" shortly before three officers were killed in that city.', 'Will develop plan to keep Veterans Trust Fund solvent. "One of my first jobs as governor will be to develop a long-term plan to ensure the Veterans Trust Fund remains solvent."', 'Teens Swag Facebook Photo Donations Claim', 'Will San Diego Have the Shortest School Year? Fact Check TV', 'Says real estate taxes were put in place to pay for Obamacare.', 'Says Rick Scott’s record on jobs includes Florida "ranked 2nd in the nation in long-term unemployment."', 'The Republican who was just elected governor of the great state of Florida paid his campaign staffers, not with money, but with American Express gift cards.', 'If Fox News\' presidential debate rules had been in place during the 1992 election, "Bill Clinton wouldn\'t have been on the stage."', 'The majority of public funding for the Marlins stadium "came from hotel taxes, the burden of which is incurred by tourists who are visiting our city, NOT the resident taxpayers."', '“HIV counselling and testing is implemented in all health facilities, public places and gatherings. A total of 109 047 people have been tested for HIV so far in the 2014-2015 financial year.”', 'Emailed comments to Muslims from a Michigan professor', 'Kesha Rogers is not a Democrat.', 'Says Democrats first proposed prohibiting the government from negotiating prices for prescription drugs in Medicare Part D and he "had nothing to do with" that provision in the law.', 'Gun maker Says Dell refused to sell him a computer', 'Says Marilinda Garcia supports "$150 billion in new taxes."', 'Says an Obama administration policy prohibits people who work with at-risk youth from promoting marriage as a way to avoid poverty.', 'By maintaining (Medicaid) eligibility for pregnant mothers at current levels and promoting education and care for pregnant mothers, we will reduce low birth weights, still births, and long-term health issues for children who will be enrolled after birth in Medicaid programs.', 'Eddie Bauer clothing stores destroy and discard leftover products rather than giving them intact to charity.', 'Goodwill Industries International pays workers with disabilities wages as low as pennies per hour.', 'We are living with a legacy of deficit-spending that began almost a decade ago.', 'Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu received almost $1.8 million from BP over the last decade.', 'News stories about a mass shooting at a Florida high school were timestamped days earlier than 14 February 2018, which prove that the mass shooting was actually a "false flag" hoax.', 'A peer-reviewed study has found evidence that nearly all of global warming has been fabricated by climate scientists.', 'A list reproduces Saul Alinsky\'s rules for "How to Create a Social State."', 'Harmful Levels of Benzene Build Up in Parked Automobiles', 'Adding bureaucracy [such as child care centre ratings] has pushed your fees up 22% in two years.', 'The Dalai Lama is has renounced religion and is pursuing a career as a sitcom writer.', 'Twenty-five states have lower unemployment than Texas which is "tied with Mississippi for more minimum-wage jobs than anywhere in the United States."', '“Average life expectancy increased from 53.4 years in 2004 to 62.5 years in 2015.”', "\u200bVERA FILES FACT CHECK: Online posts with old story on Noynoy Aquino's undistributed Yolanda funds", 'Says the hospital listed on Barack Obama’s just-publicized long-form birth certificate denies the president was born there.', 'I have repeatedly said that many of the predatory loans that were made in the mortgage system did target African-American and Latino communities.', 'Says, regarding the presence of classified information in her email, FBI Director James "Comey said my answers were truthful, and what I\'ve said is consistent with what I have told the American people."', "Labor's Regional Resettlement Arrangement is entirely in accordance with Australia's international obligations.", 'A portion of Route 66 in New Mexico plays "America the Beautiful" when you drive over it.', "'FDA Approves Tranquilizing Darts for Children'", 'Southwest Airlines is giving away four tickets to Las Vegas and $5,000 spending money to Facebook users who share and like a page.', 'Nicole Kidman “$8 Million Tell All” Still True, One Year After False Repor', 'Says Obama flip-flopped on withdrawing troops from Iraq.', 'Justin Theroux Had ‘Instant Connection’ With Angelina Jolie Before Meeting Jennifer Aniston?', 'The families that are covered through the Low Income Pool is a different group of individuals than are covered by Obamacare.', 'President Obama Dismantling Statue of Liberty', 'Is Tanzania’s HIV medicine shortage due to donor cutbacks?', 'We are dealing with an administration that, quite frankly, has shown a reluctance to enforce the immigration law.', 'Only Duterte’s Philippines and Trump’s United States of America have money bail.', 'Operating a health care exchange would be "illegal" in Georgia and some states because of legislation passed in those states.', 'A national poll found that among people who oppose the Democratic health care reform bill, "almost 40 percent" opposed it not because it goes too far, but because "they don’t think it goes far enough. ... They will not be unhappy when we pass health care reform."', 'In a watershed 1958 decision, "the Warren court asserted by itself that the Supreme Court was supreme over the president and the Congress."', 'In 2008 (Mandel) was re-elected to a second term, representing a district with a 2:1 Democrat to Republican voter ratio.', 'Kendall Jenner Banned From Cara Delevingne’s Birthday Trip?', 'President Obama Named 5th Best President in History by University', 'A photograph shows a sign in Australia indicating that Pokemon Go players are being targeted by police.', 'Point Pleasant Beach does not own its beaches; they are privately owned and operated by businesses such as Jenkinson’s', 'For 22 percent of N.H. Meals on Wheels recipients, the delivery driver is "the only human contact in their life from week to week."', 'Says the Joker\'s "Red Hood" origin story is "the true one."', 'Photo Shows Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke Posing With Dead Elephant', 'Americans will pay more in taxes in 2011 than they will spend on groceries, clothing and shelter combined.', 'Queen Elizabeth removes Obamas from royal wedding guest list.', '“In Midvaal… unemployment is half of what it is for the rest of Gauteng.”', 'Clinton Foundation "was created and money started to roll in. ... The Clintons are now worth in excess of $100 million."', 'Obama’s mid-term approval ratings are similar to other presidents who went on to re-election.', 'Fake Agent Linda Smith Facebook Page Used For Lottery Scams', "'World's Largest Snake Video' Survey", 'Starbucks is Giving Away Free Lifetime Passes to Celebrate its Anniversary', 'Kim Kardashian “Allergic” To Jewelry After Robbery?', 'There are more oil rigs in operation in the United States than the rest of the world combined.', 'Say Oregon Reps. Peter DeFazio and Earl Blumenauer are "socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."', 'Brad Pitt Fuming Over Angelina Jolie ‘Pervert Pal,’ ', 'Back in the Great Recession, when millions of jobs across America hung in the balance, Donald Trump said rescuing the auto industry didn’t really matter very much. He said, and I quote again, ‘Let it go.’ ', 'Gov. Rick Scott "backed the federal shutdown."', 'When public schools face increased competition, they get better and kids learn more.', 'Spending of government money is 17 percent less than it was a decade ago.', '“They should build a safe zone. Take a big piece of land in Syria and they have plenty of land, believe me. Build a safe zone for all these people, because I have a heart, I mean these people, it’s horrible to watch, But, they shouldn’t come over here. We should build a safe zone.”', 'On switching parties.', 'Romney’s Medicare plan was estimated to "cost the average senior about $6,000 a year."', 'A Google Maps image captured a furtive body disposal.', 'Claims that FBI Director James Comey found her public statements about not sending or receiving classified email to be “truthful.”', 'Flint, Michigan, the city known for its contaminated water crisis, has something in common with Wisconsin — childhood lead poisoning. According to Wisconsin U.S. Rep. Gwen Moore of Milwaukee, the proportion of children with elevated blood lead levels among Wisconsin’s children has risen close to those of Flint. In a letter to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Moore said, “The rate of lead poisoning among children in Wisconsin is nearly equal to Flint, Michigan.” The Observatory decided to check this claim. ', 'Hillary Clinton advocates "a freeze on foreclosures. Barack Obama said no."', 'George Washington Statue Covered to Prevent Martin Luther King Celebrants From Being Offended', 'Says under her leadership, "Democrats fought to ... make sure the (2011 HOPE) bill ... prevented the use of ACT/SAT testing standards."', 'Says Illinois gubernatorial candidate Bill Brady\'s first priority after winning the primary "was to sponsor a bill that would mass-euthanize sheltered dogs and cats in gas chambers."', 'Labor’s (FBT) tax hike will cost 320,000 Australians an average of $1,400 per year.', 'Britney Spears “Secret Wedding” Claim Tru', 'Barack Obama, George Soros, and other Democrats were involved in a plot to stage a military coup in conjunction with a government shutdown.', "I would defund it because of the abortion factor, which they say is 3 percent. I don't know what percentage it is. They say it's 3 percent. But I would defund it, because I'm pro-life.", "Obama couldn't have afforded his home without Rezko's help.", 'A $300 million stimulus allocation to Wisconsin "has led to the creation of tens of thousands of jobs in every corner of this state."', 'Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg bought a "super-yacht" for $150 million.', 'Tequila fights viruses, aids weight loss, and is beneficial for people afflicted with gastrointestinal illness.', 'On the eve of the September 2013 election, Tony Abbott promised that there would be no cuts to SBS under a Coalition government.', 'The University of Kentucky has removed Holocaust studies', 'Guy the Beagle Rode in Queen Elizabeth’s Car for the Royal Wedding', 'This is the most generous country in the world when it comes to immigration. There are a million people a year who legally immigrate to the United States.', 'AIG has fully repaid the federal government "plus a profit of more than $22 billion."', 'In 2011, Carlos López-Cantera "staunchly supported" a Florida bill modeled after Arizona’s immigration law', 'Selena Gomez “Stage 5 Clinger” And “Driving Away” The Weekend?', 'Statement: “A lot of people don’t realize it. If the Chargers disappear tomorrow and the city decided to tear down Qualcomm, San Diego State would lose its Division I-A sports status. Not just in football, but across the board. Because you have to have a Division I-A football team to have a Division I-A sports status. And to have that you have to have a stadium over a certain size,” Chargers special counsel Mark Fabiani said May 19 at a meeting with stadium boosters.', 'Security Compromise at Ebay Resulted in Requests to Change Passwords', 'Will "Support development of high-speed rail networks across the country. Providing passengers with safe high-speed rail will have significant environmental and metropolitan planning advantages and help diversify our nation\'s transportation infrastructure. Our domestic rail freight capacity must also be strengthened because our demand for rail transportation has never been greater, leaving many key transportation hubs stretched to capacity. Obama and Biden are committed to renewing the federal government\'s commitment to high speed rail so that our nation\'s transportation infrastructure continues to support, and not hinder, our nation\'s long-term economic growth."', 'Originally, Democrats promised that if you liked your health care plan, you could keep it. One year later we know that you need a waiver to keep your plan.', 'White House help with rescuing a small boy and paying for his funeral?', 'Prospective new gang members are being initiated by killing the drivers of cars who flash their headlights at them.', 'Keith Urban Did “Walk Out” On Nicole Kidman After “String Of Arguments,” ', 'A Federal Judge Halted 2010 National Day of Prayer', 'The fine print of the Coalition\'s Direct Action plan contains "a great, big new carbon tax".', 'Says the Clintons "burst through their own self-pronounced guidelines" by accepting foreign donations. "There is a clip of Bill Clinton saying we\'re not going to take foreign donations."', 'A respected physicist has warned that fidget spinners could have a harmful effect on the Earth’s center of gravity.', 'President Trump has the “right” to fire special counsel Robert Mueller.', 'When each faced a pension funding crisis, Tom Barrett made tough choices and smart cuts while Scott Walker passed $400 million in pension debt to the next generation.', "On funding for Labor's Better Schools Plan.", 'If the President Is Impeached for Treason, Is Everyone Else Removed from Office as Well?', 'Reports of cell phone fires', 'IANS Kills Story On Ganga Endangered After WWF-India Says No Such Report This Year', 'Every person on death row was a foster kid.', 'Albany Bread Poisoned by Staff', "Video captures a woman who thwarted and subdued an armed man attempting to rob attendees of a Mother's Day event.", 'A brawl reportedly involving up to 200 people in the Melbourne suburb of Collingwood has reignited the debate about crime in Victoria and, in particular, offending by African Australians.', 'Ron Johnson said specifically that he hopes the first steps occur to privatize the Veterans Administration.', 'Thanks to President Trump and Republicans over the past year through July, U.S. manufacturing added 327,000 jobs, the most of any 12-month period since April 1995, when the figure added a healthy 345,000 positions.', 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Story on PH to expel Kuwait ambassador', 'Says Russ Feingold "voted to raise taxes on Social Security benefits for seniors, he even tried to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants."', 'Eleven states have enacted these pay-to-play reforms.', 'A video shows two hikers walking on a lake of crystal clear ice.', 'Wisconsin’s laws "ranked the worst in the world for mining investment."', 'In Virginia, "Medicaid has grown by 1,600 percent in the last 30 years."', 'Statement: ” Competing against hundreds of applicants nationwide, SANDAG has won a $14 million federal grant to replace four aging timber trestle bridges in the Los Peñasquitos Lagoon in North County – a critically needed project to improve the reliability of both passenger and freight services in the nation’s second busiest rail corridor,” SANDAG, the region’s planning agency, wrote in Sept. 8 press release.', 'Florida is one of only three states that require licenses for commercial interior designers.', 'Nearly half of all persons under 30 did not go to work today.', 'The reality is that we have roughly 15,000 undocumented immigrants living in the state...', 'Reports Warn Users About Venomous Puss Caterpillars', 'Taco Cabana Restaurants have banned Donald Trump supporters', 'The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working.', 'The Government is banning organic Farming', 'Satellite images of hexagon-shaped holes in clouds above the Bermuda Triangle prove that large blasts of sinking air are the cause of mysterious shipwrecks and plane crashes in the area.', 'Hillary Clinton Wears Armani Jacket During Inequality Speech', 'Says Foxconn "is under investigation in mainland China for securities fraud, environmental fraud and labor fraud."', 'Four black players sent the NFL an "ultimatum" that included demands that the league force "white fans" into community activism.', 'Public education has been permanently cut "by $1.6 billion through changes in the Standards of Quality funding formula."', 'The claim: Daniel Andrews says ambulances are taking longer to arrive than ever before.', 'Tourism accounts for 439,000 jobs in the state of Ohio, and visitors spend $36 billion annually.', 'Britney Spears Secretly Engaged, Using Surrogate For Third Child?', '250,000 Texas Turkeys Infected With Ebola', 'Katie Holmes Dumped Jamie Foxx Because He Couldn’t “Make A Commitment”?', 'Matt Damon is Moving to Pembroke Pines, Florida', 'Kourtney Kardashian “Pregnant Too,” ', 'Some of these members of the House of Representatives get hundreds of thousands of dollars in farm subsidies but want to cut food stamps.', 'Says he "never supported" federal health care individual mandate.', 'Portia de Rossi Did Warn Jennifer Aniston To “Stay Away” From Ellen DeGeneres, ', 'Actor Steve Buscemi was once a firefighter and assisted the FDNY after the 9/11 attacks.', 'Statement: “In San Ysidro, ambulance help is arriving a full minute faster than before. In Skyline, we’re opening a temporary fire station to immediately improve emergency service. In Encanto, we boosted Fire-Rescue response by three minutes,” Mayor Kevin Faulconer said in his State of the City address on Jan. 14.', 'Ben Carson Audit Reveals $500 Billion in HUD Bookkeeping Errors', 'A 5-cent charge on paper bags is a tax.', 'UN vehicles have been quietly positioned for action in Virginia and Kentucky as a preemptive response to imminent economic collapse.', '“A Trump administration will renegotiate NAFTA and if we don\'t get the deal we want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal for our workers and our companies. 100 percent."', 'Donald Trump will include Moscow\'s Red Square in the stops along his "victory tour."', 'The claim: Tony Abbott says households will be $550 a year better off if the Coalition scraps the carbon tax.', 'Says "Scott Walker says he would ban stem cell research"', 'The Hampton United Methodist Church called Donald Trump a pervert, a con artist, and a fascist on their church sign.', 'On mandatory ultrasounds before abortions.', 'Under Gov. Scott Walker, "employer confidence now stands at 95 percent," compared to "only 10 percent" at the end of the "Gov. Jim Doyle-Mary Burke administration."', 'Federal health care reforms amounted to ‘the government takeover of health care.’', 'Fundamental changes made to the language describing the Wisconsin Idea in the University of Wisconsin System\'s mission statement were the result of a "drafting error."', 'FACT CHECK: Did Joe Biden Never Get More Than 1 Percent When He Ran For President?', 'Trump tax cut benefits all congressional districts, up to $44,697 per family.', 'Facebook Team Security Last Warning Your Account Will Be Disabled', 'Photos prove the Denver light rail system has low ridership.', 'Says Buzz Aldrin "passes UFO lie detector test leaving experts convinced that he encountered alien life."', 'Kim Kardashian, Kanye West “Over,” ', 'While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed legislation moving people "from welfare to jobs."', "The restaurant review website Zomato suffered an attack that compromised 17 million users' data", "McDonald's restaurants are turning their iconic gold arches upside down to celebrate International Women's Day.", 'Radio talk show host Neal Boortz delivered a controversial commencement speech at Texas A&M.', 'Jennifer Lopez Did Say ‘It’s Hilarious’ That Drake Is ‘Name-Checking’ Her In Son', 'Pence: ‘Michelle Obama Is The Most Vulgar First Lady We’ve Ever Had’', 'For the last decade, funding in the health and human services budget has grown at twice the rate as other parts of the budget, and I think that context is important.', 'Will enlist other federal agencies, industry and academia to develop innovative scientific and technological research projects on the International Space Station.', 'Welcome to #Houston, the most #diverse city in #America.', 'A photograph shows two Ku Klux Klan members dressed in white robes showing support for Donald Trump at the Nevada caucus.', "VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Website with outdated story on Bongbong's electoral protest", 'Greenpeace Activists Damage Peru’s Nazca Lines', 'More children die in agricultural jobs than in any other industry.', 'Says Washington\'s reach extends to "even telling us what kind of light bulb we can use."', 'Says the Koch brothers "funded the fight to let flood insurance premiums soar ... Now they’re spending millions to buy a Senate seat for Bill Cassidy so he can fight for them."', 'On Common Core education standards', 'Bernie Sanders Gave Speech to Bank of America', 'Photos of Bambi and Thumper a Fawn and Wild Rabbit', 'Will stop shuttering consulates and start opening them in the tough and hopeless corners of the world. He will expand our foreign service, and develop the capacity of our civilian aid workers to work alongside the military.', 'Jennifer Carroll is the "first African-American Republican woman to be part of a statewide ticket in Florida."', "Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh's children were escorted from Senate chambers as a result of being harassed by hecklers during his confirmation hearing.", 'Hackers Posting Insulting Messages In Your Name', 'Any Floridian who has ever requested an absentee ballot henceforth gets one automatically.', 'Are There Really 1.2 Million Mothers on the Free Maternity Programme?', 'Sandy Hook Victim Appears in Pakistani School Shooting Vigils', 'Spice Girls Singing “James Bond” Theme Song?', 'Mark Warner voted for "nearly $1 trillion in new taxes and $7 trillion in new debt."', 'No one thought we could get a bipartisan bill (Medicaid) passed. We did in the Florida Senate.', 'Says his parents "came to America following Fidel Castro\'s takeover" of Cuba.', 'A hiring freeze on all federal employees to reduce federal workforce through attrition (exempting military, public safety, and public health).', 'We’ve got an average of 5,600 soldiers committing suicide. That’s about 20 a day.', 'Says that Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam "has made it clear by his repeated actions that he will pursue a policy that promotes the interest of Islamist (sic) and their radical ideology as long as he is governor."', "Says Gov. Rick Perry's administration has proposed ending immunizations for 113,000 kids.", 'A photograph shows President Obama pointing to a "Bernie 2016" sign.', 'Fact-Checking Viral Video, Images Of Karnataka CM’s Aerial Survey', "Says the NAACP's Ohio chapter has endorsed Issue 2.", 'Says federal spending has increased 21 percent over the past three years.', '“As at 30 October 2017, our external reserves had increased to US$34 billion.”', 'In 2006, when the law was passed, DSWD’s nationwide count of CICL was at 8,661. A year after, it went down to 2,759.', 'More than any Republican governor in the 2014 elections, "I took a higher percentage of the Republican vote"and "yet I also carried independents by 12 points."', "If we do nothing, we know exactly what will happen. In just a short period of time, the world's leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the world's most dangerous weapons.", 'Police in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, busted an Amish dobergoat fighting ring.', 'Texas legislators have filed voucher proposals in every legislative session since 1995, but all of them have failed to become law.', 'Before and after pictures of the tsunami areas', 'Then And Now - Are Millennials Better Off Than Their Parents?', 'Jennifer Aniston, Justin Theroux Getting Back Together, ', 'Direct our precious homeland security dollars according to risk, not as a form of general revenue sharing.', "A woman was arrested for masturbating with a Happy Meal toy inside a McDonald's play area ball pit.", 'Is California Gov. Jerry Brown Moving a Veterans Cemetery to Make Way for Low-Income Housing?', 'Has The Development Equalization Fund Been Scrapped?', 'Says his "patents in ultrasound have revolutionized modern medicine."', "In an interview with the Chicago Tribune's Editorial Board, Comptroller Leslie Munger says that in order to balance a budget, the state would have to 'cut social services completely.'", 'Chicken Jerky Dog Treats Warning', 'While (Barack) Obama preaches ‘we are our brother’s keeper,’ his brother and aunt live in real poverty in Kenya.', 'Since President Obama took office, there are over 450,000 more unemployed women.', 'A video shows a rat washing itself as though it is a human taking a shower.', 'The gun epidemic is the leading cause of death of young African-American men, more than the next nine causes put together.', 'Airing his frustration at a military general he fired in connection with the procurement of medicines and medical supplies for soldiers, Duterte recalled how he ran Davao City as mayor:', 'We are younger than our competitors, and this is entirely because of immigration.', 'Johnny Depp Wants Vanessa Paradis Back?', 'Obamacare will mean 2.1 million fewer jobs by 2021.', 'Monica Petersen Dies While Investigating Clinton Human Trafficking in Haiti', 'Kanye West Did Leave Kim Kardashian After “Massive Fight,” ', "'News Report' Claims Gonorrhea Spread Through Air", 'Jane Fonda “Mental Breakdown” Claim Tru', 'Over 300K home owner suicides attributed to foreclosures.', 'Balboa Park Edition: Fact Check TV', 'The United States ranks second worst in income inequality across developed countries, after taxes and transfers.', 'About 3 percent of Gov. Nathan Deal’s appointments have been African-American.', 'Gas Lag', 'Says constitutional amendment would "help to stop unfair, double taxation on real estate."', "One year of human time is the equivalent of seven years in a dog's age.", 'Says Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine is hypocritical for challenging the constitutionality of the new health care law.', "This (SCHIP) is socialized medicine. It is going to go to families that make $60,000 a year. Those aren't poor children.", 'I have a perfect voting record from organizations like the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion and all the other veterans service organizations.', 'Florida has "issued more than 3 million conceal carry permits in the past 30 years. Only 168 have been revoked."', "Love Desire Facebook Group 'Virus' Warning", 'Says Adam Sandler said "Mormons are some of the most decent people I’ve ever come across."', 'Says "Australia is 62nd in the world for number of refugees per capita."', 'McCain "voted to cut education funding, against accountability standards. He even proposed abolishing the Department of Education."', 'Angry Bernie Sanders supporters threw chairs during an adversarial Nevada Democrat convention in May 2016.', 'The FL Guard has defended our freedom in Afghanistan, Iraq, and put their lives at risk; now the fed govt is going to cut their pay 20%.', 'An "alien mummy" was recently unearthed in a pyramid, and scientists cannot explain its origins.', "There was a Gallup poll in Egypt last year, and 70 percent of Egyptians don't want our money.", 'Kylie Jenner “Emotional Wreck” Over Pregnancy?', 'Marjory Stoneman Douglas encouraged activists to "be a nuisance" and to "never give up" even if discouraged by bad politics.', 'My opponent... lost 43,000 jobs in Houston since he took over; we are losing jobs.', 'Wisconsin "is on pace to double the number of layoffs" this year.', 'Says "Donald Trump wants to eliminate overtime pay for people."', 'Coca-Cola\'s "Share A Coke" campaign includes a bottle for the KKK.', 'A cemetery in Delaware, Ohio, is exhuming the bodies of confederate soldiers and relocating them to a nearby dump.', 'Mr. Renacci was registered as a foreign trade lobbyist in the United States government.', 'More Hispanics have fallen into poverty under Obama.', 'David Cicilline was "required to provide key information about city finances to an independent outside auditor. The deadlines were clear -- yet [he intentionally] missed them by months" until after the November 2010 election.', 'Did Melania Trump Wear This Jacket on Her Way to Visit Children Separated from Their Families?', "With the Turnbull Government's proposed corporate tax cut stalled in the Upper House, the business lobby has been ramping up efforts to convince a handful of crossbench senators to pass the legislation.", 'Shepard Smith Fired from Fox News?', 'Newt balanced the federal budget.', 'Many of the great scholars say that anchor babies are not covered by the 14th Amendment.', "Television's children host Mr. Rogers said his mother responded to scary news by telling him, 'Look for the helpers.'", 'Kris And Caitlyn Jenner Doing New Reality Show Together?', 'Michael Dukakis created jobs three times faster than Mitt Romney.', 'Says "an unchecked Democratic Majority in Trenton" is responsible for "years of diversions" from the state’s unemployment insurance trust fund.', '“No He Can’t” by Dr. Anne Wortham', 'Says Sen. Kay Hagan "has missed half of the (Senate Armed Services) Committee\'s hearings in 2014."', 'The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office concluded ObamaCare will cost the U.S. more than 800,000 jobs.', 'Says President Barack Obama "has not raised taxes."', 'As governor, I will: Create a statewide scholarship fund that will guarantee that every high school graduate with demonstrated financial need can pursue at least two years of education or training beyond high school that puts them on a path to a career, or to a four-year college.', 'A child successfully smuggled a penguin out of an amusement park by concealing the creature in his backpack.', "New York Times columnist David Brooks said that Donald Trump needed to decide if he'd rather 'resign, be impeached, or get assassinated.'", 'Says Obama promised unemployment would never go above 8 percent.', 'Mass renunciation of Hinduism in India', 'Wisconsin Republicans "repealed a statewide fair pay law" that made "sure women are treated fairly on the job."', "Black children constitute 18 percent of the nation's public school population but 40 percent of the children who are suspended or expelled.", 'Scott Walker was elected governor on a promise not to take campaign contributions "from the date of his inauguration until the signing of the state budget," but broke it by taking nearly $5.6 million.', 'Conspiracy Theorists Claim That McCain Started The USS Forrestal Fire Of 1967, Killing 134 Service Members', 'There is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor.', 'Huckabee "was one of the highest taxing governors that we had in this country and rivaling Bill Clinton in terms of the Cato ratings."', 'Bradley Cooper Stays At Gerard Butler’s Apartment After Fights With Irina Shayk?', 'Says U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn was "handpicked" by President Barack Obama', 'I have never asked for nor received a single earmark or pork barrel project for my state.', 'Says he "earned the highest possible credit ratings as state treasurer."', 'Message Claims That You Can Stop Mosques Being Built By Not Leaving Religion Blank on 2016 Australian Census', 'Did a Sperm Whale Die After Swallowing 64 Pounds of Plastic Debris?', 'Says "Portland has higher standards than feds on allowed police use of force."', 'In a Koch brothers-funded study...it shows that Medicare for all is actually much more, is actually much cheaper than the current system that we pay right now.', "There's a separate immigration category for Labour's KiwiBuild programme", 'Surprise, Surprise! Valentines Day Luxury RV Facebook Giveaways', 'Limiting labor negotiations to only wages is "how it is for the most part in the private sector."', 'The first year ... Bob will reorganize city government to focus on assisting and growing our economy. All agencies involved in the permitting and regulatory process, community redevelopment, housing, construction services, the Tampa Convention Center and related iity entities will be consolidated into a single mission under the deputy mayor for economic opportunity.', 'Social Commentary on Race by Pat Buchanan', 'Ed Gillespie’s "firm even lobbied for five foreign governments, including a dictator now awaiting trial for war crimes."', 'Says his "Act 10 reforms" have "saved the taxpayers some $3 billion."', "Consider developing a 'cut as you go' rule that would apply to any member proposing the creation of new government programs or benefits...Under this 'CutGO' rule, if it is your intention to create a new government program, you must also terminate or reduce spending on an existing government program of equal or greater size – in the very same bill.", 'Imitation dairy products often differ nutritionally from those they mimic, and labeling them "milk" or "cheese" or "yogurt" is "against the law."', "The city of Denver refused ICE's request to turn over a criminal illegal alien charged with vehicular homicide for killing another driver in a horrific hit-and-run.", 'Bill Clinton cut the military drastically.', 'The 2005 round of military base closings "has not yet resulted in savings."', 'A provision of the Senate tax bill eliminating the penalty for not buying health insurance\xa0would have "no impact on anyone" who buys coverage on the\xa0Affordable Care Act exchanges.', "I've been in cities where I've seen people stand in line to give their kids a chance to be safer and better educated. And the idea that we're going to deny them a chance to have choice; to put their kids where their kids can get the best education, in my opinion violates their civil rights. To me it's the biggest civil rights issue out there. The right of mothers and fathers to have the resources to put their kids in a school setting where their kids can learn and prosper.", "Celebrity Cruise lines released an ad saying that Donald Trump's supporters were no longer welcome on their ships.", 'A photograph taken during World War II shows members of the League of German Girls during a uniform inspection.', 'Says Pennsylvania charges a top income tax rate of 3 percent and Delaware "has no state income tax at all."', 'We’re the only nation in the world that does not use the military to secure our border.', 'Transportation Security Inspectors Tough On Military With Nail Clippers', 'Wrestler “Big Show” Paul Randall Wight Jr. Shot and Killed in Ring', "FACT CHECK: CNN Contributor Says ‘In God We Trust’ Isn't The National Motto", 'Ben Affleck ‘Abandoned’ After Rehab, ', 'Does This Image Show a Toddler in a Cage Detained by ICE in 2018?', 'A Republican-led softening of firearms training rules means that "untrained individuals" would be allowed to carry guns with a state permit.', 'Will "implement a real jobs strategy for Milwaukee County, including establishment of a final Park East Plan that will turn the vacant land into job-generating development."', "VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Report claiming Sotto 'feeling burdened' by Trillanes' stay at Senate", 'Statement: “We were prohibited from any major fund-raising activities,” Tom Hebrank, chairman of the Kensington-Talmadge Planning Group, told the Union-Tribune for a story published Jan. 12.', 'Figures for September 2014’s job growth in Wisconsin mark the "largest private-sector job creation we\'ve had in the month of September in more than a decade"', 'U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno identifies Christians as cultists', 'Today New Mexico (has) the sixth-fastest growing economy.', 'Tim Kaine, as governor, proposed tax increases on people earning "as little as $17,000."', 'I have always been there with Donald Trump.', 'Zim Ship Blockade in Port of Long Beach', 'Says Newt Gingrich said "Spanish is the language of the ghetto."', 'Russian annexation of Crimea "removes a million residents of the Ukraine that have provided the margin of victory for (Viktor) Yanukovych, the pro-Moscow prime minister in his last election."', 'The state budget will include scholarship money for minority students as a concession to Senate Democrats for supporting the GOP-initiated transportation bill.', "We have reduced funding for education the least. They've suffered the least cuts.", "If a $1.3 billion dollar Powerball jackpot were shared with every American, we'd all get $4 million each.", 'Says Julia Roberts told Celine Dion, "If you hate Trump you can go in your country."', 'Bradley Cooper, Irina Shayk Headed For Split Over Lady Gaga?', 'The right-wing extremists are trying to take this seat so they can push their anti-choice and anti-equality agenda through our State House.', 'Have an eminent-domain "bill ready and probably passed and signed well before the legislative session is over."', 'Says Marco Rubio "voted to slash school funding by billions of dollars and would eliminate the Department of Education."', 'Say that under state law, "systems development charges can only be spent on capital investment."', 'Hillary Clinton\'s daughter Chelsea "admitted" in a tweet that the Pizzagate conspiracy is "real."', 'Says the Texas Forest Service planted 6,000 trees in the Dallas/Fort Worth area before the Super Bowl for unknown reasons at an unknown cost.', 'In slashing $1.7 billion from Social Security, "Rep. Jim Renacci may end up forcing the entire agency to ... shut down for a month, causing seniors to not get their benefits on time, halting claims processing, and forcing new retirees and disabled workers into a backlog."', 'Our Navy has shrunk from more than 500 ships in 1991 to 275 in 2016.', 'Thanks to (North Carolina’s) governor and the legislature, the average teacher salary can barely support a family.', 'Workers who pick produce in Georgia’s fields can make $12 to $18 an hour.', 'Democrats go full tyranny: now demand nationwide gun confiscation from law-abiding Americans ... at gunpoint, of course.', 'Eliminating earmarks "would make barely a drop in the bucket with regard to the national debt, the deficit."', 'Says "we’ve accomplished balancing two budgets without raising taxes. We’ve now created 60,000 new private-sector jobs. We’ve made government smaller."', 'On auditing the Federal Reserve', 'Under the Obama plan . . . all the health care in this country is eventually going to be run by the government.', 'Authorities have deleted court records and online references to former United States Attorney Lisa Barsoomian, as part of a "deep state" conspiracy.', 'Tom Cruise Did ‘Flirt Up A Storm’ With “Extra” Host Renee Bargh, ', 'Ted Cruz wants to ban the tritone interval in music due to its association with the devil.', 'Says there\'s a "100-year-old international norm not to use chemical weapons."', 'Says Obama sent $450 million to China to build a wind farm in Texas.', 'Caitlyn Jenner Did Call Daughters Kylie, Kendall A “Burden,” ', "Germany has banned pork from school canteens because it offends Muslim 'migrants.'", 'Hollyweed Squares', 'Britney Spears Pregnant Or Married, ', 'Jay-Z Said Jesus Was Autistic, Bad Role Model?', "\u200bVERA FILES FACT CHECK: Trillanes 'ready' to die, already saying his goodbyes", 'Liberals have figured out a Facebook algorithm and "all the people getting banned from Facebook are somehow conservatives."', 'Says Jeff Reardon cut elementary school music classes, art instruction, teaching positions, basketball and volleyball programs, and he voted to raise school lunch prices.', 'The vanishing hitchhiker', 'An experimental Nazi missile launched in 1944 is expected to enter orbit, and threatens the midwestern United States.', 'Says "the mandate is 71 times that a child’s body will be injected with a disease" for immunizations.', 'An African Union Travel Advisory warned Africans heading for the U.S. about "continued instability" in America.', 'Health care reform "establishes a new board of federal bureaucrats (the \'Health Benefits Advisory Committee\') to dictate the health plans that all individuals must purchase."', 'Fox News admitted the investigation into the Benghazi deaths was a "complete hoax."', 'The numbers of people that support Obamacare and like it have been steadily dropping.', 'Among states, Missouri ranks "3rd (in) average yearly growth of high-tech industries."', 'Jane Norton supported the largest tax hike in Colorado history.', 'Is Facebook Implementing User Fees?', 'And the #jerseycomeback keeps rolling! Thanks to @GovChristie NJ now has lowest corruption risk of any state.', 'Scammers Pose as Microsoft Tech Support Workers to Hijack Computers', "The claim: Mr Murdoch says Australia is on its way to becoming what may be the world's most diverse nation.", 'Neil Armstrong cryptically uttered "Good luck, Mr. Gorsky" as he first stepped onto the moon', 'Inside the stimulus package "is anti-Christian legislation that will stop churches from using public schools for meeting on Sundays, as well as Boy Scouts and student Bible study groups."', 'Kate Middleton “Jealous” Of Meghan Markle, ', 'Says that with President Obama\'s re-election, state and federal income tax rates for some taxpayers will rise "to roughly 65 percent."', 'The problem of unwanted sexual contacts in the military "is not just a woman\'s issue. More than half of the victims are men."', 'Denmark Has Banned Muslims from the Country', 'Says Apple products are currently "90 percent conflict-free," and "Intel is 100 percent conflict-free."', 'Says Barbara Buono "voted to raise her own pay 40 percent."', 'Ken Blackwell commentary about Barack Obama', "The Tim Allen show 'Last Man Standing' was cancelled due to the star's political beliefs.", 'I will pursue, along with our congressional delegation, the establishment of a National Laboratory in Oregon.', 'Macaulay Culkin Did Claim “Satanic” Hollywood Execs Ritually Murder Child Actor', 'Brad Pitt, Jennifer Aniston Bringing Up His Children Together, ', 'Leonardo DiCaprio is moving to Woodstock, Illinois.', 'There’s nothing in the [RhodeMap RI] plan that takes away local government control and local zoning control.', 'Don’t Accept Anything from Facebook Hacker Fabrizio Brambilla', 'FactCheck: Who got it right between Higgins and Ní Riada in the debate over speaking rights?', '$1.20 Per Share to Help Girl With Cancer', 'Will work to provide states and local governments with the resources they need to address sprawl and create more livable communities.', 'Will support "efforts to create an Affordable Housing Trust Fund to develop affordable housing in mixed-income neighborhoods. The Affordable Housing Trust Fund would use a small percentage of the profits of two government-sponsored housing agencies, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, to create thousands of new units of affordable housing every year...Will also restore cuts to public housing operating subsidies, and ensure that all Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) programs are restored to their original purpose."', "Disney announced in March 2018 that it was remaking 'Bedknobs and Broomsticks' with Kate Winslet.", 'Gas prices have gone up 99 percent since Obama became president, "the highest gas price increase since Carter."', "Only 3 percent of voters 18 to 34 don't believe that climate change is really happening.", 'The Clinton Foundation suddenly transferred $1.8 billion to a bank in Qatar.', 'If you look at the income of average Americans...they’re absolutely flat in constant dollars since 1979.', 'Pete Davidson A “Groomzilla” While Planning Ariana Grande Wedding?', 'President Barack Obama’s budget threatens national security by proposing "an Army of fewer personnel than we had before Pearl Harbor."', 'Kim Kardashian Moving Because She’s “Terrified” After Burglary?', 'State House incumbent Jill Chambers, R-Atlanta, "personally profits from taxpayer money."', 'During his tenure as mayor, he "saw Houston’s crime rates drop to the lowest levels in more than 25 years."', 'BMW M3 Giveaway', 'Holding up a BlackBerry, McCain campaign adviser says, "you’re looking at the miracle John McCain helped create."', 'Khloe Kardashian Trying To Have Twins?', 'Beheadings of deputies in San Diego County?', 'Homeland Security Warns to Disable Java in Computers', 'Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee “Black Hurricanes Matter” Claims', 'Donald Trump’s Real Name is Donald Drumpf', 'Will tie a plan to give schools a substantial infusion of funds to support teachers and principals and improve student learning to the condition that school districts develop programs to engage students in service opportunities. "Obama and Biden believe that middle and high school students should be expected to engage in community service for 50 hours annually during the school year or summer months. They will develop national guidelines for service-learning and community service programs, and will give schools better tools both to develop successful programs and to document the experience of students at all levels. They will encourage programs that engage with community partners to expand opportunities for community service and service-learning opportunities, so that students can apply what they learn in the classroom to authentic situations that help the community. These programs will also involve citizens from the community engaging students in service opportunities through the Classroom Corps."', 'The body of a notorious pedophile was found dumped on the doorstep of the British Parliament building.', '14 Year Old Boy Shot By Stepfather, Needs Money for Surgery', 'President Trump Sent Michelle Obama a Bill She’ll Never Repay', 'Says Scott Walker is proposing to add 485 employees "in the category of supervisor and management" to his Department of Administration.', 'Since 2015, the City of Milwaukee has spent more than $22 million on settlements with litigants accusing police of misconduct.', 'Julia Roberts Saved Her Marriage?', "Did Nancy Pelosi Say Building a Wall Will Violate the Rights of 'Millions of Illegals'?", 'Obama has (a) new Christmas tree tax.', "The Obama administration has ordered $1 billion worth of 'disposable coffins' for use with 'FEMA camps.'", 'Matt Damon, Ben Affleck Did Have ‘Falling Out’ Over Lindsay Shookus, ', 'A study proved e-cigarette use (or vaping) leads to an incurable condition known as "popcorn lung."', 'Says Target installed urinals in a women’s bathroom to "accommodate the ones who have giblets."', 'The United Nations has conducted "172 successful peacekeeping missions and negotiations."', 'Texas added 6,600 miles of highway from 2001-2012, more than any other state.', 'Says President Donald Trump "had a different opinion" in 2013 than he does now about whether (Barack) Obama should have intervened in Syria after Obama\'s red line was crossed.', 'The single-largest expense in over half of American households is child care.', 'For immigrants with visa overstays, "we make no effort to hold them accountable to that or uphold the law."', 'Says federal health care overhaul will cost Texas state government "upwards of $30 billion over the next 10 years."', 'While many of his colleagues turned down a $2,500 pay raise ... (Jeff) Plale pocketed the extra money.', 'What president has the worst record on female labor force participation? Barack Obama.', 'Got a pencil? - Amazing Pencil Tip Sculptures by Dalton Ghetti', 'Rep. Dan Donovan "voted for Tax Cuts"', 'In two years, Gov. McAuliffe has vetoed more bills that the previous three governors issued in each of their four-year terms.', 'He will work to ban the permanent replacement of striking workers, so workers can stand up for themselves without worrying about losing their livelihoods.', 'People are five to seven times more likely to be murdered in workplaces that allow firearms than in those that prohibit it.', 'Mumbai Deluge: Leptospirosis And What You Should Know', 'Khloe Kardashian, Tristan Thompson Do Have “Secret Plans To Elope,” ', 'Sunday liquor sales could generate $3.4 million to $4.8 million a year in additional sales tax revenue for Georgia.', 'Changing "thin capitalisation rules" to limit the level of tax deductions a local subsidiary can claim for debt it owes to another group company overseas, saving $1.65 billion over three years.', 'Baby Born in the Philippines Has Stigmata Sores', 'Poverty among Americans 65 and over is statistically unchanged in recent years because of Social Security.', '“About 8.2 million pupils are currently being fed from 24 States of the Federation”', 'In Florida, "the number of voters who now register as ‘other’ has grown by a million in the last 10 years. Compare that with the Democrats, who only grew by 300,000 and the Republicans who grew by just 200,000."', 'The Senate voted this week to allow illegal aliens access to Social Security benefits.', 'Kanye West Did Tell Kim Kardashian To “Stop Looking Cheap,” ', 'A restaurant customer named Jason Naglich wrote\xa0"Tip for U.S. Citizens Only" on his bill and stiffed his waitress.', 'Keith Urban Upset About Nicole Kidman’s New, Young “On-Screen Love”?', 'Measures in Barack Obama\'s health plan could "lower health care costs for the typical family by $2,500 a year."', 'Houston suffered $1.7 billion in operating losses under Mayor Bill White.', 'The states that actually have lots of teachers in teacher unions tend to be the states that have done the best in terms of academic success in this country.', 'Christmas Cards For Noah Biorkman', 'Meghan Markle ‘Overwhelmed’ By Royal Etiquette, ', 'A United Nations working group has "adopted a proposed agenda" to enable member nations to "disarm civilians within their borders."', "A man whose car bore personalized license plates reading 'NO PLATE' received notices for thousands of unpaid parking tickets.", "Four of Donald Trump's children would have been deported under his strict policy proposal against birthright citizenship.", 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Duterte understates his salary again', 'Infamous Chicago Cubs fan Steve Bartman won $3.7 million after betting that the team would be in the 2016 World Series.', 'Claim:\xa0Supervised injection facilities don’t reduce deaths', "We now consume at the federal level 25 percent of the gross domestic product. Historically we were at 20 percent. So we've taken 5 percent away from the private sector.", 'Virginia papers called (Scott) Rigell’s campaign ‘Mostly False.’', "Is Netflix Rebooting the 'Addams Family?' Series?", 'FACT CHECK: Are Half Of All Border Patrol Agents Hispanic?', 'Nicole Kidman In “Revenge Romance” After Keith Urban Betrayal?', 'Forward an email to find out about your future love life', 'Kourtney Kardashian Did “Cut Ties” With Scott Disick, ', 'Coca Cola Christmas Promotion', 'Bill McCollum holds the same position on (embryonic stem cell research) as Barack Obama.', 'The overwhelming majority of America’s elite universities, they no longer require history majors to take a single course in American history.', 'Says Hillary Clinton "wants sanctuary cities."', 'I want to create a veterans job corps, so we can put our returning heroes back to work as cops and firefighters in communities that need them.', 'In July 2010 the government said small businesses -- 60 percent -- will lose their health care, 45 percent of big business and a large percentage of individual health.', 'Unemployment in the city of St. Petersburg is below the state average.', '“Student enrolments at universities increased by 12% while further Education and Training college enrolments have increased by 90%.”', 'Tony Romo and Jason Witten Admit to Romantic Relationship', 'Gigi Hadid Wants To Date Harry Styles?', 'Our (Texas) graduation rate ranks 43rd out of 50 states.', 'Republic TV’s Facebook Poll Backfires; Majority Say They Will Not Stand With Varnika Kundu', 'Bethenny Frankel Writing ‘Real Housewives’ Tell-All?', 'Says he has a track record of not raising taxes.', 'Hotmail Account', 'Khloe Kardashian “Banned” From Cleveland Cavaliers Games, ', '30,000 scientists have signed a petition arguing that there is no convincing scientific evidence for anthropogenic climate change.', '“We have created 3.7-million work opportunities [between April 2009 and March 2014].”', 'Hobby Lobby Closing All Stores Across the Nation', 'Says President Barack Obama did not invite a Republican senator to dine at the White House until his fifth year in office.', 'Julia Roberts Furious Over Richard Gere Getting Engaged To Girlfriend?', 'When Rick Scott "was deposed in lawsuits about his company, he took the Fifth 75 times."', 'Picture of President Bush and his father fishing in the streets of New Orleans after the hurricane', 'After the Texas cutoff of aid to women’s health care services including Planned Parenthood clinics, "over 150,000… women lost the only health care they had. Our Medicaid birth rate shot up. It cost taxpayers over $130 million in one year alone in extra Medicaid birth costs."', "Eighty percent of those who have applied for licenses have no cancer, no Parkinson's disease or glaucoma. They have nothing you would associate [with] the use of medical marijuana.", "A transcript documents that Donald Trump gave a self-aggrandizing toast at his daughter Ivanka's wedding.", 'Robin Williams Dead', 'As the next biennial budget proposal approaches, funding for transportation projects have hit a bump in the road. The Wisconsin Department of Transportation operates from three main revenue sources – federal funding, sources of state revenue like the gas tax and vehicle registration fees and bonding. As a projected $1 billion budget shortfall looms over the state’s Transportation Fund, GOP Assembly leaders and Gov. Scott Walker have continuously sparred over how to remedy the issue. ', 'As Obama removes our combat brigades from Iraq, he will send at least two additional brigades to Afghanistan, where the Taliban is resurgent. He will also provide our armed forces with the reset capability that they need. He will replace essential equipment, and he will ensure that our men and women in uniform get the care and support they have earned.', 'I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!', 'Since Volvo spurned Georgia for South Carolina in early May, some 3,455 jobs promising more than $800 million in investments have come to the Peach State.', 'Prominent U.S. Senators and Mayors Outed As Members of KKK by Anonymous', 'Nike Wouldn’t Let Steph Curry Put Bible Passage on Shoes', 'Says Denmark’s suicide rate has been about twice as high as the United States’ over the past five decades.', 'You know what Truman said, ‘You want a friend in Washington, buy a dog.’ ', 'Anti War Activist Cindy Sheehan did not really rear her Army Soldier son', "A photograph shows a Border Patrol agent following President Donald Trump's order to forcibly separate a child from his family.", 'Already, a prototype driverless car has traveled more than 300,000 miles in the crowded maze of California streets without a single accident.', 'A casting call for a Latina actress to play a "Donald Trump Executive Assistant Supporter" was posted by the republican presidential candidate.', 'On average, men think about sex every seven seconds.', 'Statement: “Mayor Filner is the CEO of a government organization of almost 20,000 employees, at least half of whom are women,” state Assembly Majority Leader Toni Atkins said in a July 12 press release.', 'Mostly Democrat states refused to hand over data that could show election fraud.', 'If you didn’t think Gov. Mark Dayton’s decision to raise pay for his commissioners would be a 2016 campaign issue, think again. At least one political group is already minting and sending fliers to Senate districts where Democrats will be up for re-election next year. One is landing in the mailboxes of Sen. Melisa Franzen’s constituents. Franzen is a Democrat from Edina. “Minnesota wages are flat, but political appointees are getting pay raises thanks to legislation supported by Senator Melisa Franzen,” the flier from the GOP-backed Minnesota Action Network flier reads. “This wasn’t the only time she voted to give politicians a pay raise.” According to the flier, Franzen voted to increase her own by 35 percent and for a constitutional amendment to make it easier to raise legislative pay. ', 'Matt Lauer Returning As “Today” Anchor In “Secret Comeback,” ', 'In the 1980s, "The lowest income people had the biggest gains."', 'Gwyneth Paltrow To Profit Off Wedding?', 'Chafee "supports . . . protecting [gay, bisexual and transgender] youth from bullying and harassment."', 'Charles Manson has been granted parole and will soon be released from prison.', 'The kidnapping, string of murders, and wood chipper incident portrayed in the film "Fargo" actually took place in Minnesota in 1987.', 'A cannabis drug trial in France led to serious adverse effects in several subjects.', 'Says West Virginia is "down to around 50 percent of the adult workers who are actually working now because of addiction or conviction."', 'I’m running the second-largest county district attorney’s office … at 1985 staffing levels.', 'Selena Gomez Did Say She’ll Be ‘Single For Life’ After Justin Bieber Engagement, ', 'Permanently stop "all tax increases, currently scheduled to take effect January 1, 2011."', 'Says Oregon ranks 43rd in education.', 'Former NFL star O.J. Simpson was rearrested while attempting to slip across the U.S.-Canada border.', 'Says the average Ohio student graduates from a four-year college or university with nearly $27,000 in tuition debt.', 'Because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!', 'A New York City police officer was caught on camera raping a teenage girl.', 'A "cargo container full of young black women" was found in a port in Savannah, Georgia, "about to be shipped overseas."', 'Statement: “More than 70 percent of registered sex offenders in San Diego County are violating a state law by living too close to schools and parks,” the Watchdog Institute reported in The San Diego Union-Tribune.', "Bill Clinton's peace dividend . . . cut the military 25 and 30 percent.", 'Says the Obama Administration has fulfilled all of Texas’ requests for fire management assisting grants.', 'Buy beer and recycle the cans instead of buying some stocks', 'VERA FILES FACT SHEET: Timeline of the controversy on Duterte’s wealth', 'In the past, President Obama has refused to meet with representatives from Cuban exile organizations.', "Some of our state's educational administrators joined the feds in seeking to mandate Arabic classes for Texas children.", 'The night before a Hoboken train crash, an Upstate New York station aired a bizarre and unsettling Emergency Alert System test warning mentioning trains.', 'Kaley Cuoco Pregnant, ', 'Job creation fell by 70 percent in Wisconsin in 2016 under Scott Walker.', 'Wheel of Fortune Says Goodbye to Vanna White?', 'A corporate tax cut “would likely give the typical American household around a $4,000 pay raise.”', "The claim: Kelly O'Dwyer says Australia has one of the highest per capita refugee intakes in the world.", 'Says associates of financier Bill Browder "sent a huge amount of money, over $400 million, as a contribution to the campaign of Hillary Clinton."', 'In Europe, "church attendance rates (are) in the single digits" because churches are supported by taxes.', 'Statement: “Some $22 million in hard cash is available toward demolition or cleanup, a remediation payment by previous operator San Diego Gas & Electric,” The Union-Tribune wrote in an editorial about the South Bay Power Plant on March 21.', 'Maya Dillard Smith Resigns from ACLU over Transgender Bathrooms', 'Will continue to fight for Amtrak funding and reform so that individuals, families and businesses throughout the country have safe and reliable transportation options.', 'A new study proves that men who marry “chubby women” are happier and live longer.', 'The National Science Foundation "provides financial support to more than twice as many graduate students in the social and behavioral sciences as in computer science, mathematics or material science."', 'After ‘Liar In Chief’ Another Fake TIME Cover Calls Trump ‘Clown In Chief’', 'Statement: “SAN DIEGO COUNTY ROAD REPAIR, TRANSIT, TRAFFIC RELIEF, SAFETY AND WATER QUALITY MEASURE: Shall an ordinance be adopted to: repair roads, deteriorating bridges; relieve congestion; provide every community funds for pothole/street repairs; expand public transit, including improved services for seniors, disabled, students, veterans; reduce polluted runoff; preserve open space to protect water quality/reduce wildfires by enacting, with independent oversight/audits, a 40-year, half-cent local sales tax ($308 million annually) that Sacramento cannot take away?” reads the title and ballot language for Measure A, a countywide measure appearing on the November ballot (emphasis ours).', 'Christian airline pilots being paired with non-Christian ones in case of rapture', 'Under Gov. Scott Walker, "unemployment is increasing in Wisconsin at twice the rate it is nationally."', 'During eight years under Ronald Reagan, African-American median income rose by about $5,000.', '(President Barack Obama gave) half a billion in taxpayer money to help his friends at Solyndra, a business the White House knew was on the path to bankruptcy.', 'Says his conviction is "a political witch hunt by holdovers in the Obama justice department."', 'Republicans are "trying to impeach our president."', 'Petition in Support of The Breast Cancer Protection Act', 'Concealed Carrier Prevents Nightclub Shooting in South Carolina', 'Sears Supports Reservist Employees Email Forward', 'President Obama Pushes Harvard to Reverse Malia Obama’s Suspension', 'A North Carolina provider of mental health services is named "Nutz R Us."', 'German Government Confiscating Homes to House Refugees', 'A photograph shows Queen singer Freddie Mercury applying intricate face makeup.', 'Bill Nelson actually voted in favor of higher taxes 272 times.', 'I will address the problem in our prisons, where the most disaffected and disconnected Americans are being explicitly targeted for conversion by al Qaeda and its ideological allies.', 'Years Without Raises: Fact Check TV', 'A (state) trooper with 10 years on the force is getting $500 a year more than a trooper with 10 minutes on the force.', 'For too long, Obamacare has caused high premiums and dismal coverage. ... Under Obamacare premiums in job-based coverage have increased by $3,775', "Less Effective Flu Shots 'Prove' You Shouldn't Get Them at All?", "If you want out of the individual mandate... all you have to do now is tick off the box that says 'hardship' and you're out.", 'Says Scott Brown "co-sponsored legislation to let employers deny women coverage for birth control."', 'Two Faced Kitten', 'Tanner Dwyer Friend Request', 'Miranda Lambert Did Send Blake Shelton, Gwen Stefani “Congratulatory Note” For “Secret Wedding,” ', 'Says Rick Scott "cut Medicaid" so people can\'t "get Obamacare."', 'Hollywood is going on strike until Donald Trump resigns from the presidency.', '“Freezing orders to the value of R601 million were obtained by the end of the third quarter of the 2015/16 financial year. This means that government has recovered a total of R4.21 billion since 2009.”', 'As Jim Doyle’s Commerce secretary, Mary Burke spent $12.5 million dollars to buy a vacant lot for a company that said it had no plans to create jobs in Wisconsin and had laid off 800 workers.', "Is the Owner of Jimmy John's a Big-Game Hunter?", 'Will "coordinate the efforts of the Area Agencies on Aging and Disability and private sector nonprofits, faith-based and community groups to make sure the right information and resources are available to those who need it. He will create this network to ensure they are talking, sharing information and providing the right level of support. Mayor Haslam will also use this effort to draw attention to this important issue and to educate the public on the challenges facing seniors and those who care for them."', 'Ben Affleck, Jennifer Garner Having “Family Therapy Sessions” With Kids At Rehab, ', 'The Top Whoppers of 2011', '“I want to lower the tax on employers, lower the tax on income, freeze property taxes and phase out retirement income taxes. States that have a lower tax burden have more jobs and better budgets, and its time Wisconsin was a better state to do business.”', "Boxer Muhammad Ali's refusal to wear a seat belt on a plane spurred an answering quip from a stewardess.", 'Australia leads the world "in many fields".', 'Former Clinton Aide Indicted For Child Sex Trafficking', '430-Pound Deer in Hartford, Michigan, Shot by Hunter', 'Christopher Columbus sold sex slaves — some as young as nine years old.', 'Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis was seated amongst several same-sex couples at 2016\'s "State of the Union" address.', 'A photograph shows a futuristic new Audi truck.', 'A national organization says Georgia has one of America’s toughest ethics laws.', 'According to a national survey, transit "ridership" among people age 16 to 34 increased 40 percent between 2001 and 2009.', 'Justin Theroux Having “Fling” With Erika Cardenas After Jennifer Aniston Split, ', 'Febreze and other Procter & Gamble products contain undeclared peanut and tree nut oils or byproducts, posing a risk to individuals with nut allergies.', 'BlockBuster coupon for free movie rentals', 'Jennifer Garner, Lindsay Shookus “Both Pregnant” With Ben Affleck’s Babies, ', 'FactCheck: You asked, we answered - the gender pay gap', 'Girl Throwing Puppies in River on Video', 'Says El Paso was named America’s "Safest Large City" a year after San Antonio, Houston and Dallas had the nation’s highest crime rates.', 'A group called the Satanic Temple wants to establish After School Satan Clubs in public schools to introduce children to the "religion of darkness."', 'Says President Barack Obama "gives students the right to repay (federal) loans as a clear, fixed, low percentage of their income for up to 20 years."', 'Says the Nike bill "is not a tax break ... this does not lower the taxes that Nike will pay nor does it prevent the Legislature from raising those taxes in the future."', 'A list shows documents that several prominent news media executives have ties to the Obama administration.', 'Bob Buckhorn will work with TECO to conduct a city-wide lighting assessment to determine where city lights need to be updated, repaired or replaced.', 'Anyone can die of a toothache.', 'A special compound added to the water in swimming pools will reveal the presence of urine and catch those who pee in the pool.', 'Statement: “I’m the one who triggers the half-cent sales tax and I won’t trigger it until we cut $73 million permanently out of our budget,” Mayor Jerry Sanders about Proposition D on the Fox 5 Morning Show Oct. 7.', 'Seth Rogen Buying Wife Expensive Gifts To Save Marriage?', 'Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Jim Renacci’s Republican majority.', 'FactCheck: Does this pro-life leaflet stand up to scrutiny?', 'Nearly 25 percent of all automobile accidents are caused by texting while driving.', 'Says Donald Trump was seen "looking deliberately over a disabled child\'s head, ignoring his outstretched hand."', 'Claims Zika “affects everyone” — not just pregnant women and their babies — because recent research found that it “causes people to go blind.”', 'Daniel Craig, Rachel Weisz Did Split, ', 'Jada Pinkett Smith Hair Loss Caused By Marriage Problems With Will Smith?', 'Will work with Congress and auto companies to ensure that all new vehicles have flexible fuel (FFV) capability . . . by the end of his first term in office.', 'The body of a homeless man found in San Diego has been identified as that of Elvis Presley.', 'Greg Abbott has benefitted from "payday lenders who have given him $300,000 and then received a ruling from him that they can operate in a loophole in the law that allows them to charge unlimited rates and fees."', 'FACT CHECK: Does North Korea Always Break Its Nuclear Promises?', 'Obama just broke federal law in attempt to take over presidency from Trump.', 'A Carbon Monoxide spike on the west coast indicates that a massive earthquake will soon hit.', 'Will "make education funding stable."', 'Tom Barrett "voted for the largest tax increase in history ... raising taxes on gas and Social Security."', 'Every single statement that has been made by this Government, every number has been wrong.', 'Harley-Davidson Dealer’s Special Thanks to Military Members', 'Jennifer Aniston Furious Over Emma Stone Flirting With Justin Theroux?', 'Taylor Swift “Upset” With Karlie Kloss For Wearing Justin Bieber Shir', 'Canadian chain Tim Hortons is removing pork from its menu to appease offended Muslim customers.', 'In Case of Emergency (ICE) Campaign Email', 'I played in a game here against the Pittsburgh Steelers where there was 23 inches of snow. … We played in at least 15 inches of that.', 'Black police officers are more likely to kill black people.', 'Aerosmith once decided to play their set list in reverse, then opened a concert with their encore and mistakenly walked off the stage.', 'Says Tallahassee mayor Andrew Gillum "wants to make Florida not a sanctuary city but a sanctuary state."', 'Pastor Eaten By Crocodile While Walking on Water Like Jesus', "I hate the children being taken away. The Democrats have to change their law. That's their law.", 'Kentucky Fried Chicken Forced to Change Name to KFC', 'In the past year, Floridians, not government, created almost 135,000 new private sector jobs. We netted more than 120,000 total jobs in the first 11 months of 2011; the third most of any state in the nation.', 'I had previously said that NATO was obsolete because it failed to deal adequately with terrorism. Since my comments, they have changed their policy and now have a new division focused on terror threats.', "The claim: Warren Truss says if the sale of GrainCorp proceeds international companies will control Australia's ports and handling facilities, and decisions will be made in foreign boardrooms.", 'Coca-Cola is an effective solution for eliminating head lice.', 'President Obama campaign surrogate Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley "acknowledged that we are not better off than we were four years ago."', '“76% of the Western Cape Government’s budget is redistributed to poor communities. #DAdelivers”', "If you threw a barbecue yesterday for the Memorial weekend, it was 29 percent more expensive than last year because Barack Obama's policies have led to groceries going up 29 percent.", 'The debt will soon eclipse our entire economy.', 'Trump Advisor Steve Bannon is a Racist White Nationalist', 'Celebrity chef Guy Fieri fed, or helped to feed, 5,000 people displaced by the 2018 Carr Fire in Shasta County, California.', 'Says the Multnomah County Library system "is the second busiest in the nation."', 'SNP claim of best rural broadband improvement', 'We must adapt and make tradeoffs among systems originally designed for the Cold War and those required for current and future challenges. We need greater investment in advanced technology ranging from the revolutionary, like unmanned aerial vehicles and electronic warfare capabilities, to systems like the C-17 cargo and KC-X air refueling aircraft—which may not be glamorous to politicians, but are the backbone of our future ability to extend global power.', 'The Koch brothers have endorsed Hillary Clinton for President over any of her Republican rivals.', 'A magazine advertisement from the 1950s promoted a handgun for women\'s use with the slogan "for that strange, depraved creep who won\'t leave you alone."', 'The Deal on Five-Year Pacts: Fact Check TV', 'Halliburton gave Dick Cheney a $34 million payout when he left the company to join the presidential ticket.', 'Rhode Island continues to have the highest rates of substance abuse in the country.', 'Ben Affleck “Chasing” Kristen Wiig While Dating Lindsay Shookus?', 'A poll taken "a few months ago" found "70 percent approval or higher" for the Act 10 collective bargaining law.', 'Says he "stood up to his own party by voting against the budget to stop runaway government spending."', 'The average state pension, including managers, is $23,000 a year; and just $14,000 for local government workers.', 'Other states have considered or have sunset advisory commissions; the federal government has the ability, too.', "I've shut down pill mills.", 'Says Chris Abele "has had five years and he’s done nothing" about the Estabrook Dam.', 'Says Brett "Kavanaugh accuser Christine Blasey exposed for ties to Big Pharma abortion pill maker… effort to derail Kavanaugh is plot to protect abortion industry profits."', 'The average cost for health insurance in Florida went from about $600 a month for an individual to about $150 a month.', 'Leptospirosis Death Warning - Rat Urine on Soda Can Top', 'McCain "voted against a bill to ban waterboarding, and then applauded President Bush for vetoing that ban."', 'Vice President Mike Pence was in the White House Situation Room while the U.S. carried out a strike against Syria.', 'The Georgia Legislature’s last day of session ends at midnight.', 'President Barack Obama attended "an Islamic madrassa."', 'CNN faked a video of Palestinians rejoicing over the 9/11 attacks', 'Photograph shows a "thank you" sign to Jews from the Chinese Restaurant Association of the United States.', 'Hugh Downs Calls Obama a “Flake”', 'When housing and transportation costs are combined, Atlanta’s cost of living -- typically perceived as relatively low -- ranks as 7th worst out of 51 metros nationally.', 'Julia Roberts Boxes Husband To Fix Marriage Problems?', 'Says in 2003 Texas cut "$10 billion out of the entire budget, yet we put $1.8 billion more into public education. We put $800 million more into health and human services."', 'George Soros donated $33 million to fund rioting Ferguson protest groups.', 'The majority of the Hispanic population and the growth (of the population) is U.S.-born.', "'Sarah Palin Wants To Send 11 Million Illegal Immigrants On One-Way Cruise to Mexico City'", 'The Free State province achieved 93.2% pass rate.', 'This administration is separating kids from their parents and unable to account for 1,500 lost children! Shame.', 'We’re the most highly taxed nation in the world.', 'Statement: “It will literally shut our doors down for business,” Ernie Hahn, the Sports Arena’s general manager, told the City Council before it passed the living wage ordinance April 12, 2005.', 'Katie Holmes “Reigniting Friendship” With James Van Der Beek To Make Jamie Foxx “Jealous”?', 'FACT CHECK: Will Trump’s Pick For CIA Chief Be Arrested If She Steps Foot In Europe?', 'Does Setting Your Twitter Location to Germany Block Nazi Content?', 'Passage of a referendum on an aquarium for Clearwater means "NO future funding for our neighborhoods."', 'A law in Japan makes it illegal for citizens of that country to be fat.', 'Says he and Bernie Sanders have "very similar" views on trade', 'Carrie Zucker Missing Person Alert (Real Case)', 'Barack Obama and Joe Biden will seek deep, verifiable reductions in all U.S. and Russian nuclear weapons — whether deployed or non-deployed, whether strategic or non-strategic — and work with other nuclear powers to reduce global stockpiles dramatically by the end of an Obama presidency.', 'A bill to save teacher jobs is completely paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes.', 'Donald Trump is considering resignation an "option."', 'Are Cars Melting in Arizona Due to a Heat Wave?', 'In America, radical speech is not a crime.', 'Says that "when federal bureaucrats wanted to prohibit the use of wooden cheese boards, which help make tens of millions of pounds of cheese a year" she "stepped in, helped eliminate the regulations."', 'John Raese\'s wife "is registered to vote in Florida so she can\'t even vote for him."', 'Says health insurance premiums will rise under Obamacare.', 'Says "legislation pending in the House would effectively limit or eliminate ‘time-and-a-half’ for people who work overtime."', 'A truck carrying a shipment of Samsung smartphones exploded, killing three people.', "I'm going to cut the salary and benefits of the mayor by 50 percent.", 'Sen. McCain was already turning his sights to Iraq just days after 9/11, and he became a leading supporter of an invasion and occupation of (Iraq).', 'A new law makes it illegal for anyone under the age of 16 to ride a hoverboard.', 'Says Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez "has passed one bill in her 20 years in Congress, and that was to rename a post office."', 'Donald Trump Said That Being an Atheist Gave Him A Business Edge?', 'In Houston, Texas, there are more brothels than there are Starbucks.', 'Claim: More than 1.26 crore Sukanya Samriddhi accounts have been opened for the girl child with over 19,183 crores deposited and that financial future has been secured for crores of girls.', 'Says Mark Warner "has supported restrictions on veterans’ second amendment rights."', 'There were more people at the Air and Space Museum than at a rally against the health care bills.', 'The government is "going to have the right to get into your bank account with the health care bill and make transfers without you knowing it."', 'Phoenix Sheriff’s Investigation of the Long Form Birth Certificate of Barack Obama Concluded That PDF Copies Submitted May Have Been Forged', 'A gruesome photograph of a shredded hand depicts a "new punishment for reading the Bible" in Saudi Arabia.', 'Will "include carbon accounting as a part of the urban and suburban planning process, thus driving the transformation to higher densities and a focus on transit systems."', 'A mother sued a hospital and claimed that a flu shot had "turned" her son gay.', 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Online post on Hontiveros seeking minimum wage for rebels', "We have more people working in the state of New Jersey today than we've ever had in our history.", 'The health care reform plan would set limits similar to the "socialized" system in Britain, where people are allowed to die if their treatment would cost more than $22,000.', 'Betsy DeVos and her family contributed millions of dollars to the campaigns of Republican candidates.', 'A poll conducted in Egypt revealed that 80 percent of Egyptians oppose receiving foreign aid from the United States.', 'Says he represents or has represented about half the San Antonio-rooted district in which he seeks election.', 'The Greenest County in America.', 'We borrow $4 billion every single day, much of it from China.', 'The largest number of bankruptcies in our country are really as a result of health care.', 'Muslim Owner of Texaco In Bogalusa, LA Refuses to Serve Member of Military', 'Harrison Ford endorsed Donald Trump via a photograph in which he held up a campaign sign.', '“In fact the GDP since I’ve taken over has doubled and tripled.”', 'Says "between 6 and 20 bicycles can be parked in the space required by one car."', 'Says the diversity visa lottery program is "a Chuck Schumer beauty."', 'Says she is the subject of 60 books.', 'State law says that once the state appraises a piece of property, they can only pay it a certain amount above appraisal.', 'Did Adam Sandler Help Justin Bieber Break Into Acting?', 'Prince Charles Crushing On Meghan Markle?', 'Says "There are now Occupy Wall Street camps in hundreds of cities across the United States."', 'An angry mob in Saudi Arabia beheaded "Sophia," a robot recently awarded citizenship.', "I've been a cop in Lake County, Michigan, since 1982 thereabout. I conduct federal raids with the DEA and ATF and U.S. Marshals and the FBI and Texas Rangers.", 'The Owner of Audi is Going to Give You A Car For Liking and Sharing', 'On July 26, Foxconn Technology Group announced plans to invest $10 billion to build a new factory in Wisconsin. The unveiling of the plan was made at the White House, with Foxconn chairman Terry Gou along with President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, Gov. Scott Walker, House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin. In light of Walker’s 2018 re-election campaign as well as a national concern over the health of American manufacturing, the news was significant. State officials later negotiated an agreement calling for the Taiwanese manufacturer to receive up to $3 billion in state tax subsidies — an incentive that some elected officials, primarily Democrats, questioned as the tax breaks were written into law. The deal for the new LCD screen manufacturing complex has since passed the Legislature and was signed by Walker, cementing Foxconn as the largest foreign recipient of state subsidies in the nation. As the deal headed toward final approval, political leaders chimed in on the impact, both positive and negative of the plant, which is to be built in Mount Pleasant in Racine County. ', 'Billy Ray Cyrus “Diva” With “Huge Entourage” At “Wendy Williams Show,” ', 'Miranda Lambert, Blake Shelton In “Race” To Get Married?', 'Kyle, the 14-year-old who died inhaling Dust-Off', 'Will use controlled burns and prescribed natural fire to reduce such fuels in close coordination with those communities that are most at risk. Thousands of jobs will be created by working with communities to thin unnaturally crowded forests close to homes. And by coordinating fuel reduction efforts with biomass energy projects, communities will have the potential to generate new sources of low cost energy. Resources will be focused where they will do the most good: in the wildland-urban interface, and not in fighting fires or on logging projects in remote, backcountry areas.', 'Prayers are requested for the Darkhorse Marine battalion fighting in Afghanistan.', 'A woman claimed she became pregnant from viewing a 3D porn film.', "The 'Dell Dude' commercials ended because pitchman Benjamin Curtis was arrested for marijuana possession.", 'House Bill Would Charge Veterans For GI Bill Benefits', 'The "post-Soviet industrial meltdown is responsible for most of the progress in reducing carbon emissions that Europe is able to claim."', 'Out of 860 bills (Sen. Bill Nelson has) introduced in Congress, only 10 have passed.', 'The Muslim Brotherhood Has Infiltrated The White House', 'Super Bowl Rigged', 'Black Mass at Harvard to Reenact Satanic Rituals', 'Yogi Adityanath’s Comment On Taj Mahal Is NOT Fake News', 'A massive recall of chicken nuggets is underway after authorities in Iowa found human remains in a meat processing facility.', 'White House Staffers Got Hefty Pay Raises', 'Patients can circumvent insurance company claim denials by requesting a specific form of documentation, as the insurance company will opt to simply cover the cost rather than provide the paperwork.', 'Says rabid animals from other states carry "different strains of rabies" that Florida "vaccines and serums don’t affect."', 'During the (Benghazi) attack, a stand-down order was given, and our troops were told to change their clothes four times.', "Obama will meet early in the budgeting process each year with congressional leaders and the nation's leading Veterans' Service Organizations (VSOs) to ensure the VA budget is always given 'must-pass' status.", 'Says Bill O’Reilly spoke 40 percent of the words in an interview with President Barack Obama.', 'Protesting Beer: Fact Check TV', '“I’m not going to cut Social Security like every other Republican and I’m not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid.”', 'The health care law "imposes the largest tax increase in history on the middle class."', 'Pray for Pat Boone’s Grandson, Ryan', 'This is the worst jobs recovery since the Great Depression.', 'In Wisconsin, abortion is still a crime.', 'For every 33 pregnant women that walk into a Planned Parenthood clinic, 32 receive an abortion.', 'American Hustle shows the FBI making real-life bribes to Washington politicians. I know, because as your U.S. senator, I turned them down.', 'Because of the Trans-Pacific Partnership "we’ve got a country like Malaysia taking really serious efforts to crack down on human trafficking."', 'The Rhode Island Parole Board "never received an objection from the attorney general" to the parole of convicted murder Alfred Brissette.', 'Justin Theroux Dating Selena Gomez, Emma Stone & More Stars At Same Time?', 'Half of children struck by cars near schools are hit by parents driving children to school.', 'And I think that his engagement with Congress is something that never happened under President Obama. They were never allowed to debate it. They were never allowed to discuss it. So, now Congress is going to be fully engaged on the threats of Iran.', "Ted Cruz said that there was 'no place for gays in my America.'", 'Electric utility FirstEnergy\'s annual revenues are greater "than the GDP of Haiti, Kyrgyzstan, Iceland, or 15 African nations."', 'During 2009 and 2010, existing businesses will receive a $3,000 refundable tax credit for each additional full-time employee hired.', 'Tom Cruise Having ‘Midlife Meltdown’?', "The Chili's restaurant chain donates 15 percent of every sale to Planned Parenthood.", 'Ninety-five percent of the money used for union-operated worker training centers comes from employers.', 'Only in Washington would politicians spend $27 million to teach Moroccans how to make pottery.', "The president's first major foreign policy speech in Cairo was to apologize for our country.", 'Chris Christie has led New Jersey to a record-breaking 9 credit downgrades.', 'Staying in Mira Mesa Schools: Fact Check TV', 'Anna Faris Warns Chris Pratt About Son Calling Katherine Schwarzenegger ‘Mom’?', 'We did not even have a federal income tax in this country until 1913.', 'The Women\'s March on Washington is tallying attendees by asking them to text "COUNT ME" to 89800.', 'A United Airlines passenger forcibly removed from an airplane "was in his seat, he has every right to stay there."', 'President Trump said police and firefighters make too much money in order to justify eliminating some of their tax deductions.', 'Video footage shows cats being offered as prizes in an arcade claw machine in China.', 'Message Claims Parents Put Daughter Up For Adoption Because She is Gay', 'Fact Check Have Police Issued Warnings About Poison Being Injected into Bottled Water?', 'The vast majority of (Syrian) refugees are young, able-bodied men looking for work.', 'VERA FILES FACT CHECK: Rape video of OFW in Middle East', 'Says Barack Obama\'s administration has admitted that money from its Iran nuclear deal "would go directly to terrorism."', 'The Supreme Court said the individual mandate "is a tax. So it\'s a tax."', 'The Book of Revelation describes the anti-Christ as someone with characteristics matching those of Barack Obama.', 'Photograph shows a 9/11-themed shirt sold in the Middle East.', 'A measure to repeal the state’s prevailing wage law would "make it easier for state contractors to hire illegal workers for Wisconsin construction jobs" through an "illegal worker loophole in the state budget."', 'When the salmonella source was finally identified, FDA officials had to wait for industry approval before they could go live with the [peanut] recall.', "A bill from U.S. Rep. Ted Yoho attempts to restrict the administration's ability to conduct national security and criminal background checks on undocumented immigrants.", 'A photo shows an endangered fennec hare.', 'Jennifer Aniston, Will Arnett Getting Close?', 'In states where beer is unregulated, the per capita production is significantly higher.', 'Rob Portman’s "plan to tax, slash and privatize" Social Security "would devastate Ohioans."', 'I have seen crime increase in every major metropolitan area (in California) … Crime is on the rise in every major market.', 'President Barack Obama’s "spending drove us $5 trillion deeper in debt."', 'Flashing “IM” in AOL Instant Messenger is a virus', 'The United States "decided waterboarding was torture back when we court-martialed American soldiers for waterboarding Philippine insurgents in the Philippine revolution."', 'Cindy Crawford, Rande Gerber Trip Was “Vacation To Save Marriage,” ', "'Beware Hack Scam Rollercoaster Clip' Facebook Warning Message", "President Obama has announced he'll refuse to leave office if Donald Trump is elected President.", 'Says he "voted no on the Wall Street bailouts."', 'All Aboard Florida is a 100 percent private venture. There is no state money involved.', 'Ben Affleck Was Going To Cast Shauna Sexton In Movie?', 'Selena Gomez Spying On The Weeknd?', 'The Ryan budget gets rid of Medicare in 10 years and turns it into a voucher program.', 'Claim: In Ireland, four people die per day due to air pollution', 'We are now, for the first time ever, energy independent.', 'Roy Moore accuser Beverly Young Nelson "forged" Moore\'s signature and inscription in her high school yearbook.', "President Trump filed for re-election early, which means non-profits can't criticize him without losing their tax-exempt status.", 'In New York City, "for every one person experiencing homelessness here, there are about three vacant apartments."', 'Buffalo Wild Wings Adds Obamacare Surcharge', 'Hillary Clinton was reported dead on 11 September 2016, but the news was subsequently covered up and she was replaced by a body double.', "Musician Neko Case's Vermont farmhouse was badly damaged in a fire in September 2017.", 'Says a poll showed 70 percent to 75 percent of people want to see Confederate statues "remain up and not taken down."', 'Jennifer Aniston Getting ‘Revenge Makeover’ With Major Plastic Surgery?', 'California Gov. Jerry Brown’s budget "cuts funds for local tree mortality efforts from $52.7 million to just $2 million."', 'Says New Hampshire’s second congressional district includes two counties where "almost 5 percent if not more" of residents are enrolled in the state’s expanded Medicaid program.', ' “Every time the right of Canadians or other people could be infringed, CSIS will need to go and seek a warrant from a judge.”', "Tommy Thompson made millions from corporations who outsource American jobs and now he's trying to lavish huge tax breaks on them.", 'Obama wants to increase the size of government by 23 percent.', 'According to a federal report, Obamacare will increase the long-term federal deficit by $6.2 trillion.', 'Volunteer firefighters and communities they serve in Georgia and elsewhere are being devastated by Obamacare.', "FACT CHECK: Was The All Female Ghostbusters Really A 'Commercial Success'?", 'Martial arts star Jet Li is in frail health, as shown in a recent photograph.', 'The claim: Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says that Australia\'s carbon emissions reduction targets were comparable to "similarly situated" countries.', 'For the first time in history the North Atlantic is empty of cargo ships in-transit.', 'Taylor Swift Has “Dumped” Lena Dunham Following Jack Antonoff Split, ', 'Under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty "enrichment has been limited to basically the weapons states."', 'In a Senate hearing Jan. 30, Bam Aquino said:', "A woman shot and killed her boyfriend after an April Fool's Day marriage proposal prank.", 'Says 100,000 are on waiting list to attend Texas charter schools.', 'James Woods “Insanity” Quote about Democrats, Transgender Issues', 'Katy Perry, Orlando Bloom Planning For Wedding And Baby?', 'Melania Trump said that Native Americans upset about the Dakota Access Pipeline should "go back to India".', 'The Atlanta Braves are "the oldest continuously operating professional sports franchise in America."', 'Full marriage equality [would provide same-sex couples] with about 1,700 rights.', 'Says the 1993 federal election and multiple state elections show that parties have come back "from much further behind than we are".', 'Nevada Republicans "didn’t do one single thing to cut spending" in 2015.', 'Hanging plastic bags filled with water will repel flies.', "More (student-athletes) graduate than the students who aren't student-athletes.", 'Says Steve Kagen "promised us jobs, voting for the $787 billion stimulus. Cost: another 77,000 jobs lost."', 'Most of the (Affordable Care Act) has already in some sense been waived or otherwise suspended.', 'When the Coalition announced its policy for the National Broadband Network on April 9, 2013, it said taxpayer funding would be limited to $29.5 billion.', 'A photograph shows William Harley and Arthur Davidson unveiling their first motorcycle in 1914.', 'Image depicts "attitude adjustment" and "smile therapy" forced upon American housewives in the 1930s institutionalized for "not taking care of themselves" and acting "depressed."', 'Now it’s official: FDA announced that vaccines are causing autism.', 'A cook attempted to poison George Washington by feeding him tomatoes.', 'Giving money to politicians has paid off for Paul Workman. Workman gave thousands to politicians and got millions in government construction projects.', 'Says she is "the only candidate for Senate who refuses to cut Medicare and Social Security or raise the retirement age."', 'HIV Needles Hidden Under Gas Pump Handles', 'Jack Minzey of Eastern Michigan University on Civil War', "Obama Skips Out On Condemning Left-Wing Attacks On Gen. Petraeus Despite Casting Other 'Important Votes' Earlier And Later In The Day.", 'My 7-step plan creates 700,000 jobs in 7 years.', 'Vue Cinemas Five Free Tickets', 'Cavities are contagious, primarily between intimate partners or children and caregivers.', 'Will "oppose all efforts to force our military, intelligence and law enforcement personnel operating overseas to extend \'Miranda Rights\' to foreign terrorists."', 'Liam Hemsworth Trading In Acting For Modeling?', 'On the importance of an independent voting record', 'Big Tobacco Must Pay: Get $2,300 in Tax-Free Payments Per Month', 'I spend a lot of time in Iowa, and believe it or not, in Ottumwa, Iowa, this is the heartland, the newspaper, the regular newspaper for Ottumwa, Iowa, is (a) bilingual newspaper.', 'A vacationing couple staying in a foul-smelling motel room discovered a body hidden under their bed.', 'The house-flipping couple from the HGTV show "Flip or Flop" are divorcing.', 'No deal for Britain is better than a bad deal', 'We borrow money from the Chinese to buy oil from the Saudis.', 'Photographs depict a couple posing with a dolphin that died because the woman urinated in its blowhole.'])